
Speaker 1: um, how are you guys? How is Chris and how are you?
Speaker 2: Well pretty well Chris is not, is not here at the moment. She's been away with her class up in North. up around Blandenburg for about two weeks on a, what they call Feldmessen. Feldmessen is, um, surveying.
Speaker 1: hm.
Speaker 2: And, uh, so she's been away for two weeks. She's coming back tonight.
Speaker 1: ha.
Speaker 2: So we're looking forward to that.
Speaker 1: oh, I'm sorry we're going to miss her. yeah, oh gosh. I bet you're getting lonely.
Speaker 2: yeah, well Claudia's been here and we've been, we've been doing okay.
Speaker 1: mm.
Speaker 2: And I'm actually waiting for Claudia to show up because we're we were supposed to go into town and meet some people. in town. I've got a student here who's looking to, checking out rooms and stuff.
Speaker 1: mm.
Speaker 2: She's coming in the fall, but she was in a place called Taiwa. you know Tufts has this sort of.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: sent her to Taiwa she was.
Speaker 1: I had friends there.
Speaker 2: She did a course in Taiwa and then she came over here, and. checked out a room here. And so. so it's and the end semester is still going. Of course it ends on the twenty second of July. 
Speaker 1: oh, yeah.
Speaker 2: things are busy.
Speaker 1: yeah, gosh.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: you still got another month. And then, ar- are you coming over to the States at all this summer?
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: No, no.
Speaker 1: Not even Chris?
Speaker 2: No, no, no.
Speaker 1: Not enough relatives left here anymore?
Speaker 2: Well: the relative scene is kind of sad. you know everybody's kind of, p- kind of passed away, almost.
Speaker 1: yeah, I remember when I talked to you in the fall.
Speaker 2: yeah. yeah.
Speaker 1: that.
Speaker 2: It's just about.
Speaker 1: oh did your sister die?
Speaker 2: My sister passed away, yeah. I don't know if you spoke to me before that or when it was that was happening. Or.
Speaker 1: I guess not. When was it?
Speaker 2: xxx.
Speaker 1: It may have been right after.
Speaker 2: Well.
Speaker 1: My father died right after we talked.
Speaker 2: oh god. yeah.
Speaker 1: yeah, we're getting old.
Speaker 2: No, it's, I don't know what it is. It's just, uh, people get sick, and they get sick pretty young, and,.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: And you know my sister wasn't that old and she just. just had i- just had bad luck I guess is all you can say.
Speaker 1: yeah. I'm going to put you on after fifteen minutes. I've got to.
Speaker 2: And there wasn't that much anything anybody could do. So. And then an aunt of. an aunt of Chris's Aunt Mamie up in Maine passed away.
Speaker 1: That, that hadn't happ-, had that happened already?
Speaker 2: No. No that had not happened, no. She passed away in about March or.
Speaker 1: yeah, I think that there was some concern about her when I talked to you in September or October.
Speaker 2: xxx. yeah. No, she's been, she was not doing well. She had a brain tumor. And then they operated on and things weren't going well, and . I actually got to see her I guess a day before she died. I mean she didn't know, she didn't know that, that I was there. She was.
Speaker 1: if that was you, yeah.
Speaker 2: yeah, she was just not, not in. So it was a blessing, I guess. But, um. Anyway, weird stuff.
Speaker 1: yeah. yeah. And how about you? Because, e- I r-.
Speaker 2: oh I'm han-.
Speaker 1: e- how are your eyes?
Speaker 2: yeah. Well, I don't know. I have to go next week to see, check out, you know to see again. I,. um, not exactly convinced that. It's okay. you know, it's. I, I'm not abs-, I'm not sure.
Speaker 1: hm.
Speaker 2: uh, it's been been pretty good. It was about eighty percent. for a while. And then I. um, I'm not exactly sure what it is now. but we- we'll f-, I'll know in a couple of days.
Speaker 1: So are you having blurred vision? Or.
Speaker 2: y- oh yeah, yeah. Sure. The right eye is, is uh, not so great.
Speaker 1: hm.
Speaker 2: um, and it was, it w- got back to about eighty percent. you know it was, it w-, I w- was a d- detached retina.
Speaker 1: Right.
Speaker 2: And then they operated on it once, and they operated on it twice. And, then it w- things seemed seems to be seemed to be doing pretty well, and at the moment I'm a little, um, not quite so sure. 
Speaker 1: hm.
Speaker 2: So, who knows.
Speaker 1: hm.
Speaker 2: but you know it'll never be more than about seventy or eighty percent. Which is fine. Eighty percent is fantastic.
Speaker 1: Right. Right.
Speaker 2: So we'll just we'll just see. you know w- xxx.
Speaker 1: hm.
Speaker 2: we'll see what happens.
Speaker 1: Frustrating.
Speaker 2: uh, yeah. Annoying. And that thing that came up recently, am-, you know I had, oh, a kind_of a knee problem a couple of years ago. And my right knee, and now it's my left knee. It's just, you know, it's just a pain in the ass. And.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: um, I went to the doctor and they, they do a Punkt. Punktion. Ich@s Anyway they take liqu-,  fluid out of it.
Speaker 1: uhhuh.
Speaker 2: And if it it gets irritated and take some pills and stuff. And, it's just a pain in the ass.
Speaker 1: So it's just, I Is it, is that like water on the knee? Is that what that is?
Speaker 2: um, well that's what happens. It develops because of irritation, because of a um, inflammation.
Speaker 1: hm. Is that from the running?
Speaker 2: And how the inflammation d-. yeah, maybe. I e- mean they they they don't know. They don't. xxx It just came overnight practically.
Speaker 1: Wow.
Speaker 2: um, and uh, we'd been up in Berlin and we had a big trip up there and did a_lot_of, a_lot_of walking, a_lot_of fast walking and stuff. but that, you know, I mean that's  shouldn't be. shouldn't be a big deal.
Speaker 1: Was this last crop of Tuft- Tuftees good?
Speaker 2: So.
Speaker 1: Was your last crop of students from Tufts good?
Speaker 2: How's that? yeah well they're still here.
Speaker 1: Right, but they're winding down, so you know them really well by this point.
Speaker 2: They're winding down. yeah, they're very good. They learned, they learned a_lot_of German. They learned an amazing amount of German. Before I forget, I saw George Silinas a couple of days ago.
Speaker 1: How's he doing?
Speaker 2: And he's had. Well he's working for an American firm over here, and he's doing very very well. um, and his wife just had their fourth child.
Speaker 1: Wow.
Speaker 2: A little boy Benjamin. yeah.
Speaker 1: Wow.
Speaker 2: um, about, uh, t- two weeks ago maybe.
Speaker 1: huh.
Speaker 2: Tops. And I got a card from, you remember Amy Gleason?
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: yeah. Well she just had a baby a couple of. xxx.
Speaker 1: heard that.
Speaker 2: Well this is this is number two.
Speaker 1: okay. I just got a card from Ron and Doris,. and they see Amy Gleason on occasion. And so I think they told me that.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: Have you heard from Ron and Doris?
Speaker 2: Not in a while, no.
Speaker 1: They are now living in Rhode Island. you probably knew that.
Speaker 2: Well. yeah. And she's teaching at U R I.
Speaker 1: yeah. And it was a very nice letter, because it sounded like she went through very similar things that I did. you know, I went from Chicago to U C S G to here.
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: And it's just such an intellectual leftd- letdown.
Speaker 2: Right.
Speaker 1: And she went from Penn to,.
Speaker 2: To Columbia.
Speaker 1: to Columbia to U R I.
Speaker 2: Well Columbia's okay. yeah.
Speaker 1: And she said the students are just, you know, they don't care, and they're not very good, and all of a sudden she's getting conference papers rejected and she thinks it's the affiliation.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: Because she doesn't think the quality of her work has changed. Now I haven't submitted a conference paper with the Missouri. um, you know, w- affiliation yet. Because the last one I submitted, um, was in the fall, and I still had my San Diego affiliation.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: um, in fact I'm still officially on leave.
Speaker 2: :breath.
Speaker 1: If anything came up in the next year we could still go back.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: uh you know, for Sam.
Speaker 2: Wow.
Speaker 1: but I think it's e- very very very very.
Speaker 2: yeah. 
Speaker 1: unlikely.
Speaker 2: yeah. 
Speaker 1: but at any rate it was nice to hear from her because she said after two years there now, she  has come to terms with this, and.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: she's accepted that there's a_lot_of good things in Rhode Island. And, um, you know e-, their life is a_lot less complicated, and she has more time to be a parent.
Speaker 2: yeah. Good.
Speaker 1: And she's just not going to have the same kind of career that she had thought about Ron is working as a financial consultant for, um, Meryl Lynch. And he. yeah, he had been doing work for some environmental firm, as a consultant.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: And, it didn't work out. He,. He was changing projects every couple of weeks and he said he couldn't keep on top of it. He couldn't learn the whole new area.
Speaker 2: mm.
Speaker 1: that fast each time.
Speaker 2: mm.
Speaker 1: um, and he says he went in and had some tests, and he was diagnosed as having attention deficit disorder. Which. you know, given how he's how far he's gotten, you know, he got his degree at Tufts and all, I found that surprising that for the first time as an adult they're diagnosing this.
Speaker 2: mm. I wonder about it. but anyway.
Speaker 1: yeah, but that's what he said. And.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: He.
Speaker 2: Whatever's helpful.
Speaker 1: Right. So he found this new job as a financial consultant and seems to be happy with that.
Speaker 2: Good.
Speaker 1: And then we saw Leo and Julie at Christmas time.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: And they're doing great. um, they had just moved to.
Speaker 2: He's in New_York now, right?
Speaker 1: a really nice house in Westchester. yeah, an o-.
Speaker 2: Good.
Speaker 1: an older home that you know Julie is of course carving up and making beautiful.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: Now she had a job with an architectural group when she first got out to New_York, and that didn't work out. She said they had her doing things that she really wasn't qualified to do.
Speaker 2: ah.
Speaker 1: and that she d- really didn't feel competent doing. And, they mutually agreed that she should leave. And so she was looking for another job. And, um, I'm sure she'll find one. She's so talented. She may have found one by now.
Speaker 2: yeah, oh yeah. Amazing, yeah.
Speaker 1: yeah, and so we met, um,   Adrian, their kid, who was three.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: and just a really lovely little boy.
Speaker 2: right yeah.
Speaker 1: He's so big.
Speaker 2: Well, it-,  Leo's, Leo's big.
Speaker 1: you know, he's he's got Leo's genes. yeah.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1:  And  Ron and Doris sent us a picture of theirs and he has Ron's expressions. He really looks like Ron.
Speaker 2: oh that's life.
Speaker 1: um, and he looked really big too. In this picture, he's three and a half.
Speaker 2: yeah. huh.
Speaker 1: um, but Leo and Julie just seemed,. sort of happy with the decisions they've made. And.
Speaker 2: Good.
Speaker 1: um, like every xxx.
Speaker 2: Whe-, now is he with a publishing house now? Which one is he with.
Speaker 1: Yes which one.
Speaker 2: Well I can xxx yeah It's one of these sort of universi- the public university book stuff.
Speaker 1: It might be a Hard Core Brace. I'm not sure.
Speaker 2: oh yeah.
Speaker 1: I have two friends in publishing. It may be the other one that just took the job with Hard Core Brace . I don't remember which one.
Speaker 2: yeah. Anyway, he's he's enjoying it and liking it and they're doing okay.
Speaker 1: yeah he seems to feel really like he's doing the right thing and he is.
Speaker 2: Great.
Speaker 1: still in academic publishing. My other friend just moved to trade publishing after years in academic publishing and. um you know. It feels like maybe she made a compromise but it's like three times the money as with everything else so.
Speaker 2: wow wow    .
Speaker 1: industry and academics .
Speaker 2: Terrible.
Speaker 1: yeah it's amazing and. you know ages ago I got a card from Liz Gana. I told you this. because  you showed us her picture.
Speaker 2: yeah yeah Crazy.
Speaker 1: um and I keep thinking maybe I'd get in touch but I haven't done it. and then I saw in the  Tufts thing that Ginny Totta is living you_know in the alumni thing is living in the.
Speaker 2: yeah.