
Speaker 2: But um, guessed what happened.
Speaker 1: What?
Speaker 2: The.
Speaker 1: Again?
Speaker 2: Let's see, two weeks ago.
Speaker 1: I know Sue is going to r- Rhode Island.
Speaker 2: eh Right Right.
Speaker 1: Did she see her mom?
Speaker 2: Yes she did.
Speaker 1: And?
Speaker 2: Yes she did.
Speaker 1: And?
Speaker 2: um, which was um, which we had already anticipated that it was going to happen. I spoke to her and I asked her I said listen  I said  please come to Shabbat things have come to a point where I may have to resign relinquish my,. uh parenting. uh would you mind  taking her back and she said no. She said  she'd be more than happy to.
Speaker 1: Really? This girl is like has everything in her dreams you know .
Speaker 2:  It, it is, it is, it is, it is as my husband says uh,. uh Al_kadir the destiny Selema I'm telling you, it is like Allah has just painted the road and all I had to do was get on it and follow it. I-, I mean things have been happening that has just scared the heck out of me. I told mom I said mom it is when you believe in Allah, when you have faith and know when you truly give your heart to Allah,. only Allah can make the way clear for you. I believe that by her birthday she will be living with her mother.
Speaker 1: Really?
Speaker 2: mhm mhm.
Speaker 1: And, and, and is she seem like she's together enough?
Speaker 2: She's in a, she's in a two year program. She's in the program now. She's doing very well. When I talked to her it's a, I, I'm talking to her like I'm talking to you. I wrote her a letter and told her I said I think I said I I feel like I know you even though I never met you.
Speaker 1: They seemed surprised that, I mean most women you lose your baby that's it.
Speaker 2: But almighty God is.
Speaker 1: You never even get a chance to see them again.
Speaker 2: That's true. That's true. But that's what she had wrote me. She said, she said, she said it, it is just awesome to her what is, what is happening. yup.
Speaker 1: aw I've heard of that.
Speaker 2: yup. So Francis.
Speaker 1: Did she say how she felt about what had happened?
Speaker 2: No. We, we haven't really talked about that but I'm planning on making a trip down to visit her.
Speaker 1: Well, what how does Akina feel?
Speaker 2: She, she's, u-, u-, very happy about it. Very ha-.
Speaker 1: Well did she come home and say I saw her, I look like her or what?
Speaker 2: We, we talked on the phone and you know she talked about  her sisters and you know and things we've spent the night with her sisters. and things and  it's just been quite interesting although when she was in Rhode Island she was very disruptive,  down there and really caused Francis a_lot_of stress. and  Francis was very worried about me because she came home two weeks before you know f-  because she just was acting like a total nigger child. uhoh ! Hope the research didn't hear that !
Speaker 1:  uhoh ! wait wait Alita I'm telling you nobody can handle her but you, okay.
Speaker 2: And um, but um,. but she, she was very concerned about me and everything and um because  the child had told some, some lies about me and about you.
Speaker 1: oh no.
Speaker 2: And about xxx oh yeah mhm.
Speaker 1: oh goodness.
Speaker 2: yeah. That we were abusing, that  you know, oh yeah she, she did some eh, and it was, it was very, very bad. My daughter in law Barbara got on her case real serious yesterday. Told her that she couldn't talk to Jasmine play with Jasmine because she hurt hur- because she said she hurt Jasmine's Jetta. you know and she said that if it wasn't for u-  Jas- for Jetta you know Jasmine's daddy wouldn't be oh she'd oh man  it was.
Speaker 1: aw xxx. You know that has always been very scary to me even after xxx. I said to Mark oh my god  What's she going to say because I knew what she would do when if I took her somewhere. you know what she would say and I, you know in these, the climate of today,.
Speaker 2: Yes.
Speaker 1: people saying something like that.
Speaker 2: That well, you know that's and Francis was very concerned in reference to you know she was in school and things and Francis was, w-, she was very, very concerned. She said Alita she said this little girl has a serious problem. She wrote me a letter. you know about her needing a_lot_of love, a_lot_of  help and different things like this, but you know you've heard the saying I'm sure from your grandmother the fruits of your parents or the sins of your parents will be waged back at you,.
Speaker 1: hm.
Speaker 2: you know, and  and I, a-, again my husband said we were going to give it a month, you know and said if he was even going to have to sheik pray over her, you know for the Jen.
Speaker 1: hm.
Speaker 2: You know, I mean, we're d-, you know, and I think we're still going to be doing that but I, but I think he's at a point now where he's reserved us. of that um, you know that she may end up going  to  t-.
Speaker 1: oh well the thing is your whole life has been around her. more or less. I mean it is you know I mean absorbed. where is, you know.
Speaker 2: mhm mm.
Speaker 1: And, and, and. you know,. I mean xxx.
Speaker 2: This is a lou-, this is a lousy xxx eh I, I, I truly believe that Salem.
Speaker 1: I don't think, you think she'll be better with her mother?
Speaker 2: I, I have no idea. I, I really have no idea.
Speaker 1: But.
Speaker 2: And um, but you know the, the, the,. i-, if this does happen and I do believe it may happen,  you know we will have an agreement, she and I, you know,  she will become the, the legal guardian and that. uh you know I'm, I just want her to understand everything that has happened in the last several years.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: and things like that.
Speaker 1: She needs to be clear about that because this child won't be like the other two.
Speaker 2: eh eh. You know,. Well, she, she said that she was. Andre said that she was.
Speaker 1: oh yeah.
Speaker 2: She was like her two daughters, yeah. yeah.
Speaker 1: Th-, they had the same, maybe just.
Speaker 2: xxx problems and, and different, she hasn't been with her children for ten years. Her, or her two girls.
Speaker 1: ah:.
Speaker 2: And they're twelve and,. they're no they're nine and. thirteen or something like that. yup, but she's, she's working very hard. She's trying to become a counselor in this drug program, and things and. and she sounds like she's really trying hard. And I, and I just believe it's you know time,. you know and, who would have ever thought it though, you know what I mean?
Speaker 1: Does she know that you're Muslim? uhhuh.
Speaker 2: yup. yup. yup and. So th-, that's been my most interesting things in the last three weeks.
Speaker 1: oh that's some deep, that's just too deep.
Speaker 2: yup. yup. yup. Been very, very, very, heavy. From like mom said she said even if it was going to be in September, she said the little things I can tolerate you know. if if that happens you know.
Speaker 1: But you know I always worried I said you know even after you left I said, I just hope Arlita knows that I ch-, you know I tried my best you know and.
Speaker 2: Everybody has to keep them, Selema, everybody, everybody. You know, and I told her I said you know it's a shame that you can't go no place and, and I can get a go-, good report on you. you know, and um, and by her going to Francis and things, and,. and, and Francis seeing for herself, she was like whoa.
Speaker 1: Did had did Francis feel she had changed a_lot?
Speaker 2: oh yes. t-, oh yes. You know, mhm, mhm.
Speaker 1: a-, ah.
Speaker 2: um, but, but um, but you know I feel very at peace about everything.
Speaker 1: uhhuh.
Speaker 2: I feel very at peace you know.
Speaker 1: Well it's good to hear from Francis who's had a_lot_of child-.
Speaker 2: Yes. Over six hundred. Over six hundred foster children. Yes.
Speaker 1: You know she would've seen it all.
Speaker 2: She called mom to talk to mom let's see she bought,. I met her in Albany. and she bought her. she caught, that was on Friday last Friday she called mom last. she called mom Monday. And talked to mom for two hours.
Speaker 1: uhhuh. mm.
Speaker 2: She talked to mom for two hou- here in Rochester.
Speaker 1: oh you're kidding.
Speaker 2: I was sick up in, in Syracuse. She talked to mom.
Speaker 1: She must, something must've been on her mind.
Speaker 2: She was. She said, she, she told mom she said she was so concerned that this little girl was going to just get out here a-, cause I wasn't going to send back to the school, the Muslim school.
Speaker 1: uhhuh.
Speaker 2: And she, she was just really concerned about you know everything. mhm you know.
Speaker 1: What the possibilities of like.
Speaker 2: Sure. Sure. yep.
Speaker 1: Well you know or luck making a way and making it at ease for you to xxx.
Speaker 2: Well you know why Allah is doing this. I'm going to tell you why because my daughter in law is pregnant again.
Speaker 1: oh no !
Speaker 2: She said she was going to call you. ☺She said she was going to call you☺.
Speaker 1: ▔ah▔.
Speaker 2: I said well you call Selema and you tell her. I said oh and I don't have your number in my other phone book I said. I said you just call her and tell her yup she sure is.
Speaker 1: ▔oh my goodness▔. Goodness. Wait, wait, did they do it, like  the same thing they had to do last time?
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: You know what? That same thing happened to Aliah.
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: She had to take all that stuff the first time but then the second time.
Speaker 2: Nope. She. yup. yup. j-, j-,  and, and mom, mom said, I mean Jasmine was about two months old mom said oh goodness. eh, I mean cause Jasmine's not, Jasmine is not nowhere like my other other little babies. She is not cuddly sweet xxx. mm, mm, no w-.
Speaker 1: She don't have time for that uh.
Speaker 2: She: does not sit still or lay still for you to change her Pampers. This little girl moves. I mean sh- you lay her down on the bed she gets up and she runs from, well she doesn't run but she crawls real fast. And she has t- aw.
Speaker 1: And you're like okay.
Speaker 2: And she's not a cuddly sweet little thing, she, and she climbs up the stairs, Selema. She's seven months old and she's climbing up the stairs. Climbs down the stairs and mom said so we found out, when did we find out Barbara was pregnant? Last week, we found out and mom told her. Mom said mom said, Barbara, m- Jasmine is just moving she's moving out the way too. too quickly she's just she just was not a little sweet little cuddly. you know, no way.
Speaker 1: uh lay there let me look at my grandmother kind of thing.
Speaker 2: No no way not at not one bit.
Speaker 1: oh oh what a- Amway is probably going to have a rule xxx though I could just.