
Speaker 2: About the fall one you mean?
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: trying to figure out.
Speaker 2: Well, I told.  on Monday but. he doesn't, h-, he's not, well of coarse Mister_Oharshi. is not always. prompt in his  answer either but. but maybe Mister_Furobiashi too will.
Speaker 1: Well, I was just wondering maybe I should, should I just pick a date and, and. say I'm coming.
Speaker 2: yeah, because I think, you know, at first we were talking about that. trying to work it in with the festival but I don't think it's going to be good because of the fact.
Speaker 1: Right.
Speaker 2: that we. f- foreign teachers many of us want to go down to that xxx.
Speaker 1: Sure.
Speaker 2: which is right after you know which we'll leave like on the Friday night. uh, the third and then be down for the fourth and fifth. So, so I think probably just work it in to your. general scheduling  you know like you've done before and not bother hit it on that weekend.
Speaker 1: We-,. yeah. okay. Well I'm, um, what I was trying to figure.
Speaker 2: :throat.
Speaker 1: I asked some of the students here whether they thought it was better to arri-, to be there before or after the fall festival and they said after.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: Do you agree?
Speaker 2: Yes. Well, mainly because there are,. especially if it's just the few days before, that's when the students finally get down to preparing for the festival and so those days are really pretty.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: pretty busy. And so after the festival it's, uh, they're freer, a_lot freer so if you could make it after that weekend.
Speaker 1: What about, just, I'm looking at the calendar trying to figure, what about, say on November. say if I were there November n-. either come in on the ninth or you know the evening of the eighth from wherever, I probably will already finish the other countries.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: Maybe make it, make Japan the last place.
Speaker 2: Last, yeah. uhhuh.
Speaker 1: um, come in on the either the eighth or ninth, and then leave there on Saturday the eleventh. How are, what are those days, do you know what those days might be like? Would those be good days?
Speaker 2: Eighth, or eighth and ninth?
Speaker 1: n- or ninth and tenth.
Speaker 2: uh, ni-, ninth is yes obviously we have our  our special chapel :throat. that week but that's just second period  it's just that there are, there's, there are no classes second period. and the students have this special chapel but, but even-, you know evenings for a meeting or something would be  fine.
Speaker 1: I'd like to meet with the parents again, that seemed to be. so well received, uh, last time. um, and we've got of coarse some more parents.
Speaker 2: yeah, it's.
Speaker 1: um, and now we're getting a few graduates going back.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: that graduated this year.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: So, uh, you know, it's the beginning of a. much. bigger  /.
Speaker 2:  y-, y-, y-, you would come in  on the ninth then?
Speaker 1:  , group. Either that or say the at-, late afternoon or the evening of the eighth.
Speaker 2: xxx. okay. We have a.
Speaker 1: You know I I haven't.
Speaker 2: English department faculty meeting on the eighth, but.
Speaker 1: And that goes until what time?
Speaker 2: Well it d- they don't start until five ten.
Speaker 1: oh, okay.
Speaker 2: Five ten till.
Speaker 1: So it would be better to come in on, like the morning of the ninth . or like before noon on the ninth?
Speaker 2: yeah. Or around noon or whatever. yeah, it w-,.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: it would be okay.
Speaker 1: uh, okay. Put down A M and then leave Saturday, um, sometime.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: Whenever. Because I've been trying to put this together but I didn't know how to, to organize it. I really wanted to organize it.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: uh, you know J C J C has been the. kingpin of this. uh, group. Now Mister_Furobiashi the last time I did hear from t-, or, no I guess it was one of the girls that, a graduate that was just over there. and came back and she said when she talked to him. that he indicated there were not many  interested in studying in the U S because they were a a not very motivated group.
Speaker 2: yeah. This, the present check at your students, yeah. Now i-, m-, my first y-, the first year we have about seventeen or eighteen in the study abroad class.
Speaker 1: Great.
Speaker 2: In the first year, so a- and the-, and this, the first year bunch are different I mean they. they seemed to be more motivated so it c-, it's true that I'm not sure how many there will be in the second although there are two second year students in the class this year. So, uh,. but I don't know where, I I'm not, I haven't talked to them yet to see where they would be.
Speaker 1: Now, they're interested or just what?
Speaker 2: what they're thinking about.
Speaker 1: um,  well, you can, can, uh,. talk with them and see if they're. uh whether they're interested in studying, actually studying abroad or planning on it or anything then we'll know a little better.
Speaker 2: uh-uh.
Speaker 1: whether I need to have two days there.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: or I could fly in in the morning and out the next morning, or, you know, what would, what would work best. cause I don't want to, I don't want to wear out my welcome xxx.
Speaker 2:  Excuse me for coughing on this.
Speaker 1: Well, no, that's okay. My goodness.
Speaker 2: That was a native speaker's cough.
Speaker 1: And, uh, you know it's not that he can't. He's got the smarts.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: He's just been a little bit unmotivated. uh, June is doing much better.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: uh, she had, uh, i-, it was a hard start. She kept g-, falling asleep in class. You can't do that in an American classroom.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: And, uh, you know she was trying to memorize the whole book. and were saying no you've got to use the book, you know you've got to use the vocabulary. We don't care if you memorize it. We don't care if you make mistakes. You've just got to try to use it. She was looking for perfection. She's relaxing a little bit and, um, is coming along Hiroki unfortunately he's doing, he's, you know, minimal. He's doing the minimal. But there is another Japanese girl in his class who didn't come through J C J C she's a high school graduate. and is very unmotivated, very poor attitude i- attitude and is just . um, really resistant. I'm not quite sure why she's here you know.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: and  Hiroki has appointed himself as her protector.
Speaker 2:  oh dear.
Speaker 1: and consequently she's failing.
Speaker 2: mm.
Speaker 1: and she should be by her testing she should be the top student in the class. she could be easily. but she's just. you know just. puts on the air that she's not interested and. we had some knock down drag outs with her.
Speaker 2: mm.
Speaker 1: She's just really immature the other Japanese girls say, oh, she's just. you know, i- it's immaturity. But, uh,  because he. just. identifies with her. you know he is not performing to where he could perform or should perform. And so when she's not around he does better. uh b- you know, not great but better.
Speaker 2: mm.
Speaker 1: So he, and it's real interesting, you know, I don't know at what point I will call up his cousin, you know his aunt and uncle live here.
Speaker 2: yeah, I know mhm.
Speaker 1: in town. and uh, this has got to be a little bit of a problem because his cousin is a gal. she just passed the bar exam and has set up her own law practice.
Speaker 2: oh, brother.