
Speaker 1: um I know Cynthia through Rach.
Speaker 2: oh so she yeah so she is.
Speaker 1: and so it's kind of like a roundabout thing and I we don't talk that much I see her occasionally we all go out.
Speaker 2: oh yeah.
Speaker 1: um but not all that much I'm with Rachel constantly so it's funny that I don't see her more actually.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: but yeah.
Speaker 2: well now she's with Kurth.
Speaker 1:  yeah constantly .
Speaker 2:  I'm so happy for her though he's such a nice guy.
Speaker 1: he is nice and they're good together.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: and now they're going up for the wedding aren't they.
Speaker 2: yeah uhhuh.
Speaker 1: yeah because she was trying to get me to go with them and I was like. this was before I even knew about the Spain thing and I was like I don't know I want to go so bad. and I said but I don't have a date and then she's like go with us .
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: so then I was thinking about it and then when I got this offer to go to Madrid I was like. oh I'd much rather go visit them in  /. , Spain then I can see all the wedding pictures.
Speaker 2:  yes.
Speaker 1: I thought that would be great.
Speaker 2:  so when are you going.
Speaker 1:  I think I might go Thanksgiving that week.
Speaker 2: uhhuh and you're just staying for one week.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: okay.
Speaker 1:  and I'm going to take  I think I'm going to take some resumes around.
Speaker 2: yeah really.
Speaker 1: I miss it so much.
Speaker 2: do you.
Speaker 1: do you miss it now.
Speaker 2:  no not at all.
Speaker 1: You don't.
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1:  I guess you lived there long enough to get it all out of your system.
Speaker 2: yeah well now get this we might go to live in Switzerland.
Speaker 1: oh really.
Speaker 2: yeah because they've made him a job offer there and at first he's thinking nah he wasn't going to take it but now he's like. well it's a really good offer and a good experience and then . maybe he could get in his foot in the door with because they've united with A T &~and T.
Speaker 1: uhhuh.
Speaker 2: and then you know the Swiss phone company whatever and  /. telefonika. so he's thinking well that would he'd get his foot in the door with A T &~and T so it w-. would might be easier to come back here later.
Speaker 1: right.
Speaker 2: and at first I thought oh yeah it would be nice to go to Switzerland it's really pretty it's green not like Spain and .
Speaker 1: right.
Speaker 2:  you know we could learn German but.
Speaker 1: that's true.
Speaker 2:  I don't know but now with all the wedding it's all hectic and everything now I don't want to go it's. like no not another problem not another move.
Speaker 1: yeah you'd rather be someplace familiar at least at the beginning.
Speaker 2: right yeah.
Speaker 1: that's true when would he be going.
Speaker 2: <I don't know> [?].
Speaker 1: xxx  be going.
Speaker 2: he said as soon as possible like October.
Speaker 1:  oh my god.
Speaker 2: I know.
Speaker 1:  then you wouldn't even be there.
Speaker 2:  I know but xxx.
Speaker 1: oh my goodness.
Speaker 2: I don't think we're going I hope not I mean I'd like it under other circumstances but.
Speaker 1: right is that what he eventually wants to get back to the States.
Speaker 2: yeah uhhuh yeah.
Speaker 1: well that's good that's good for you because then you know that it isn't a permanent thing that you'll be going to Spain.
Speaker 2: alright well we don't know hopefully it's not.
Speaker 1: yeah yeah.
Speaker 2: so.
Speaker 1: that's funny that you're still sick of it  that makes me laugh because I miss it so much. I think I just miss the freedom and the fun because I'm so bored.
Speaker 2:  yeah and probably when you were there yeah you were there because you wanted to be you weren't w- and you were working because you wanted to work there not because you had to like.
Speaker 1: yeah <but it's just> [?].
Speaker 2: xxx you have to work .
Speaker 1: I just. things I just hate everything. well not really I mean it's not that bad I'm working and. my job is okay I use my Spanish and stuff but  it's just .
Speaker 2: well that's cool.
Speaker 1: I don't know.
Speaker 2: I hate my job so much oh my god I can't wait like next well my last day is Thursday but.
Speaker 1: oh c-.
Speaker 2: I'm only scheduled till Tuesday I'm so happy.
Speaker 1: oh that's great.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: well do you need the extra time though.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: because it's coming up fast.
Speaker 2: you know  oh they're just coming on Saturday next Saturday .
Speaker 1: oh my goodness.
Speaker 2: yeah week from tomorrow.
Speaker 1: oh that'll be fun.
Speaker 2: or a week from whenever .
Speaker 1: and have you heard from Ellen and Reuben are they going up.
Speaker 2:   she wasn't sure because well she said ei- either. well she said she would definitely come or at least try to come but Reuben might not because they're going to Spain first . and then they're coming back here so then they thought maybe they'd come directly from. Spain here but they weren't sure and then you know it costs extra money. so she wasn't sure what she was doing or how she was going to do it .
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2:  but I think she's definitely going to come.
Speaker 1: oh that's good.
Speaker 2: as long as they can swing it yeah but I don't know if they'll xxx .
Speaker 1: and Erica I heard she had some Spanish guy here visiting her.
Speaker 2:  yeah but he was here  I think around.
Speaker 1: a long time ago.
Speaker 2: yeah Christmas time and supposedly he was coming back in August but I don't know because I heard. well I heard it from Alberto who heard it from Sanju who heard it from Caroline .
Speaker 1: oh god.
Speaker 2: so who knows if it's true or not but that yeah like things weren't going that great with them. so I don't know.
Speaker 1: but she'll be up for the wedding right.
Speaker 2:  I don't know because I thought she was but then I heard through the grapevine that she wasn't coming because she had to work or something on Friday. but I don't know I don't know if any of that's true or not so .
Speaker 1: oh goodness everything and from hearing it from country to country makes it even worse.
Speaker 2: I know.
Speaker 1: then you wonder oh my goodness.
Speaker 2:  well my friends I have two friends from France coming.
Speaker 1: oh that's good.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: wow and is his family coming from Spain.
Speaker 2: just his two sisters.
Speaker 1: well that's good.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: that's good do they speak English.
Speaker 2: no not really.
Speaker 1: oh good that'll be fun.
Speaker 2: and they don't they don't really want to come either.
Speaker 1: oh  God.
Speaker 2:  but that's okay.
Speaker 1:  oh I.
Speaker 2:  I don't really want them to come either.
Speaker 1:  yeah oh yeah that's right because you didn't get along well with his family.
Speaker 2: yeah they're not very nice   well his cousins and everything seems really nice and they've written back letters and stuff and they seem all. excited to meet me and they're like  we can't wait to meet our new cousin  and stuff like that so.
Speaker 1: well that's neat.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: and then what are you going to teach English or are you just going to not work for a while or what are your plans.
Speaker 2: I'm just going to not work for a while and.
Speaker 1: that's a good idea.
Speaker 2: see what happens yeah.
Speaker 1: oh goodness.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: you have a_lot to do.
Speaker 2:  I know and I've got to ship all this stuff over there we've taken out a loan.
Speaker 1: I can imagine because how else would you get everything.
Speaker 2: I know.
Speaker 1: oh my goodness. what a pain it does sound like a pain to be honest with you.
Speaker 2: it is yeah  but then I have a friend here who she's married and she has three little kids and  she's moving to Seattle and she's going to start studying.
Speaker 1: oh my goodness.
Speaker 2:  and her husband is just quitting he's going to quit his job here and like look when he once he gets out there so. at least she's kind of going through the same thing .
Speaker 1: exactly.
Speaker 2: so yeah I don't feel  so alone.
Speaker 1: yeah I was thinking about actually doing a master's in Madrid.
Speaker 2: oh really.
Speaker 1: and working like at working like at a T G I Friday's or someplace where I know they'd hire me.
Speaker 2: oh right.
Speaker 1: and then just working on a master's during the day and working at night.
Speaker 2: who would you go with like N Y U or Middlebury.
Speaker 1: I don't know I'm trying to find an American university that has master's programs.
Speaker 2:  N Y U has one for one year.
Speaker 1: and I xxx.
Speaker 2: Spanish Amigamato.
Speaker 1: I get a masters in one year?
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: in Madrid.
Speaker 2: yep .
Speaker 1: the whole year.
Speaker 2: yeah and then.
Speaker 1: I don't have to study at all in the States.
Speaker 2: no uh-uh.
Speaker 1: oh my god Spanish Marcelene thank you I'm going to write that down .
Speaker 2: yeah and then Middlebury College you know in &~Vermont they have.
Speaker 1: uhhuh.
Speaker 2: you have to go for one summer to &~Vermont but it's just the summer and then you do one year in Madrid and you get a master's.
Speaker 1: wow okay N Y U and what was the o- Middlebury.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: I'm going to go research them at Wash U this weekend then because . I'm just bored I don't know if it's just b- because I'm single and bored and there's like nobody in the midwest who's twenty eight single   /.
Speaker 2:  no.
Speaker 1:  ,  and and straight. no  xxx.
Speaker 2: most of my friends are single I was just saying like. I mean I'm not the first one to get married at all but still I'm still in like that first bunch.
Speaker 1: oh really.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: oh my wave must have struck early then because everybody I know is married or getting married and I'm so jealous.
Speaker 2: oh really.
Speaker 1: in fact I was totally telling my my Spanish boyfriend exboyfriend I don't know what he is but we're always together. about your wedding and I was like I'm so excited. he's going to be out of town or else I'd make him go and we'd go but.
Speaker 2:  xxx.
Speaker 1: I was like I'm just so excited for her I said oh she's so lucky and then they're going to go live in. Spain and blah and he's just like okay okay I'm sick of your friends. xxx  that's all I talk about I'm just so happy for everybody. but then I see everybody else getting on with their lives and I'm like stuck.
Speaker 2: oh but it'll be worth the wait believe me I know how you feel .
Speaker 1: it's horrid.
Speaker 2: I know.
Speaker 1: and you don't know what to do and like I can't seem to adjust to the family thing.
Speaker 2: yeah th- well there's nothing you really can do.
Speaker 1: I know.
Speaker 2:  just when you least suspect it  that's when it'll happen.
Speaker 1: yeah that's true well believe me I haven't been looking or waiting <I'm like> [?].
Speaker 2:  now tell me about this guy because I know I remember now that you told me something about him.
Speaker 1: it's the same one believe it or not.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1:   he  was supposed to actually go back to Spain in July but he extended it until October.
Speaker 2: oh really.
Speaker 1: yeah  he's in Korea right now for three weeks and then he's in Spain for two weeks.
Speaker 2:  so what's he doing in  in Missouri.
Speaker 1: he works for Arthur Andersen.
Speaker 2: oh oh that's right okay.
Speaker 1: in Madrid and they sent him yeah and so he's on loan or whatever. but he says wimpy things don't you hate when guys say like. oh if things if if we if things were only different I know you would be the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with.
Speaker 2: oh yeah but xxx.
Speaker 1: oh that's such a wimp thing to say.
Speaker 2: yup.
Speaker 1: because if they really wanted to spend the rest of their lives with you they would make things different.
Speaker 2: right exactly.
Speaker 1: and I just looked at him and I thought you know y- you guys suck .
Speaker 2:  so what's wr- what's wrong now with your relationship according to him.
Speaker 1: just the fact that w- he's leaving and xxx I'm not going to answer the other line because  /. , I'm on long distance   just because he said well in October I'm going back to Spain first it was July and then he extended it. and I saw his list of reasons why he'd extend and I was number one .
Speaker 2: oh really.
Speaker 1: and I'm like oh that's good.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: but then he's like oh it's just so hard to know what to do and I think because he loves his family so much.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: that he would never even dream of asking me to leave mine.
Speaker 2: oh right.
Speaker 1: but he doesn't realize that we live different lives.
Speaker 2: right.
Speaker 1: for me.
Speaker 2:  you're willing to leave   /.
Speaker 1:  it's like it's no big deal because   /.
Speaker 2:  , at the drop of a hat yeah.
Speaker 1:  , I know it's like just say the word and I'm gone. but I won't go back to Spain for a guy unless it's a sure thing because that's ridiculous.
Speaker 2: yeah well you did that already right.
Speaker 1: yeah. I did that once xxx. I don't want to do that again  so I don't know xxx .
Speaker 2: well but maybe if you go in November he'll see you know.
Speaker 1: yeah it'll be different it'll be different to be over there and see him.
Speaker 2:  so where does he live in Madrid right in Madrid.
Speaker 1: yeah he lives well he lives  by Avenido_de_America.
Speaker 2: oh okay.
Speaker 1: he lives like  toward the airport.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: which is good and  his dad works at a bank his mother is French xxx.
Speaker 2: oh really.
Speaker 1: yeah she.
Speaker 2: does he speak French.
Speaker 1: Yes he does, fluently.