
Speaker 2: and I froze. One bag full of halves. to make Aunt Annie's peach cake. in the Winter. so we'll see what happens.
Speaker 1: I made a wonderful peach thing last week. um you know the recipe book that Jane gave me.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: at Christmas time from. deserts from your bread maker.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: well you make the dough  and you leave it in the bread maker until it goes through a couple of cycles of. ye- kneading and raising and all that kind of stuff and then you take it out. before it bakes. and you divide it into two and let it sit for a few minutes. and then press into like a round . pizza pan. and then I put now the kids had picked berries along the road. uh raspberries blackberries and huckleberries. So I made one with  that on it. and the other one I sliced peaches real thin and then you put cinnamon sugar and and melted butter. on the top and bake it and of course it's a real. you know it's a yeast dough. uh it's a real good dough.
Speaker 2: yeah and good.
Speaker 1: and boy they were and it it tells you. the recipe actually calls  for some kind_of a . on it it says either unflavored whipped cream or  sour cream. something like that. so we just used Cool Whip and it was. it was very good it was very nice I took one I coo-.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: to the guy across the road who cut the grass for us while we were away.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: and  I- I.
Speaker 2: and he enjoy it.
Speaker 1: I have no idea. um as a matter of fact I keep meaning to ask him and we've been xxx . we've talked on several occasions they kind of paved our road this week. um .
Speaker 2: what do you mean kind of.
Speaker 1: well. have the new people have been after him about. the potholes and the dust and everything else you know. and she goes down there on a regular. basis and and raises a fuss. and  they finally said well then they'd be out. and they  they . oh I don't know it was . they it it just keeps get getting pushed back and back well finally they came out I think out Monday. uh well no actually when we came home we noticed that they'd shaved some some of the. uh swale off across the road. now they still have not fixed that pipe which is my big complaint the whole time. It's still hanging up in the air and Everhart is beside himself because. we asked them to sink that pipe so that people wouldn't get their tires cut on it you know. well they never ha- they didn't do that but. um  what they did wa- well now let me see first Monday. they turned off the water here all  all morning on Monday. because the pipe had sprung a leak.
Speaker 2: uhhuh.
Speaker 1: so they had to fix that before they could do the road then they came down Tuesday and they did all this preparation work. they dug. they put a pipe  sort of. caddywampus@n under under the road just below. our driveway and before the new peoples' driveway. but the way they put it in mother. and left it. it blocked our pipe so that anything that would've gone. through our pipe would've backed up immediately. and and flooded our property.
Speaker 2: What kind of engineers do they have working down there.
Speaker 1: oh Everhart said he doesn't think they have any idea at all you know. well I went up to help . the band. people help  fit band uniforms.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1:  Now you know that in my day we got our uniforms fit but there weren't parents you know. this is all done by the parents. um so I went up to help. and I got there at eight o'clock and around eleven I called home and Everhart was beside himself. uh you know as soon as the kids told him it was me he told them to tell her. wha- that they'd made a colossal mess out of the road. and  so I said to &~Virginia I've got to go I've got to go see what's wrong. well the- i- they dug this deep trench and. put these huge rocks. in the road. Now when I back out I have to be careful. that I don't go into the ditch across the road where these great big huge rocks are.
Speaker 2: mm.
Speaker 1: um  you know I I can't I just can't even begin to tell you well. at any rate they got all that done. and then they came along and. what they're buying now is stuff. called well it's crushed asphalt it's recycled road basically.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: and . they told us that. it's it. holds up better than the stone that they'd been putting on. and it also . well it it's so delightful to come down the road and not be followed by a cloud of dust you know.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: but they put it all on and smoothed it they they came down with uh great big heavy rollers and. all that kind of stuff and. um it it actually looks like road out there. so xxx. uh  I'm pleased about that you know the way they did the other stuff.
Speaker 2: well that's g-.
Speaker 1: and I said to him I said to Everhart. it's not m- they did come back and dig out. our ditch. and fill our ditch with stones too great big stones.
Speaker 2: eh.
Speaker 1: and I said Everhart. just don't get upset about because. if the lot next to us ever gets built on. they're going to have to come back and do it again.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: because there's no place. i- i- there's. the pipe that they put in will pour water right into this pe- person's front yard.
Speaker 2: hm.
Speaker 1: um you know and and I said I I can't help it that they do things in such a. dumb way that's you know it's it's very annoying it's very frustrating especially when you're paying for the privilege of having them make a mess.
Speaker 2: yeah yeah.
Speaker 1: you know. so there was a terrible accident down here last night terrible. um up.
Speaker 2: where.
Speaker 1: eh yeah . you know on the highway when you come down and route two and four join up there.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: apparently a t- tour bus was coming down from Annapolis. never stopped. there and hit a a car travelling north head on. and  Andrew's coach said today that they brought two  dead. to the hospital and at least seventeen from the tour bus in serious condition.
Speaker 2: oh+god.
Speaker 1: must have been a terrible terrible thing you know.
Speaker 2: oh yeah.
Speaker 1: why listen if we come up.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: all night on. Labor Day weekend.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: do you want me to make a reservation at The Quality.
Speaker 2: Well  when would you be coming up?
Speaker 1: probably Saturday . as of right now Andrew has practice on Friday and Karen has it. Saturday morning.
Speaker 2:  well. if you come up Saturday you'll only be here. what Saturday and Sunday night.
Speaker 1: right right.
Speaker 2: and we won't be here. the three o'clock in the afternoon is the reception. Now I don't think. it's going to be that late. you know because it's out in the yard.
Speaker 1: uhhuh.
Speaker 2: So. you know I I don't know why it wouldn't be alright to stay here.
Speaker 1: alright well we got this thing . one of the places that we stayed in and I think it might have been the the one. in New Jersey. um where there's a special rate at at Qualities or Comforts you know what I mean.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: and I said to Everhart I may just give them a call and see what it is you know and that way. if it's  if it's not real expensive. and we're not invited on Sunday then we could swim you know. um you don't think we will be right.
Speaker 2: it's it's Saturday.
Speaker 1: oh it's Saturday.
Speaker 2: yeah it's Saturday three o'clock in the afternoon.
Speaker 1: oh I thought you said Sunday.
Speaker 2: yeah well that's what I thought but the invitation came it's Saturday.
Speaker 1: so oh oh by invitation only.
Speaker 2: well you have to respond.
Speaker 1: oh my.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: what are they doing catering it.
Speaker 2: no they're having a it's all cold. cold stuff. and a wedding cake. and they have. they're going to have a couple cases of beer. and they have a case of wine. uh they got in Maryland. wine by the the box.
Speaker 1: oh yeah yeah.
Speaker 2: and. you know that's what they're going to have and. of course there's people coming from Philadelphia so. I just don't imagine it's going to be that late.
Speaker 1: right.
Speaker 2: but it would be Saturday an-. you wouldn't be here . well whatever time you get here you certainly can have something to eat. and . Sunday we can swim if you want.
Speaker 1: oh well that would be fine that would be fine.
Speaker 2: okay.
Speaker 1: yeah Saturday is my birthday you know.
Speaker 2: yeah well. may- maybe I'll even bake you a cake.
Speaker 1: well I I don't suspect anybody here will you know.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: I'm trying to get all this stuff wrapped up. I got a call  . you know I told you that there was a job that I was interested in within the school district.
Speaker 2: yeah. but you didn't get it.
Speaker 1: and I I didn't even get a chance at it because they they. did something crazy you know well. um my friend called me the other day and said hey . across my desk came that announcement again it's open. and I said you've got to be kidding me I was told that it was all but. wrapped up well. here what they did they changed it . in an attempt I gue- I don't know why but it was supposed to be a director's position.