
Speaker 2: what do you normally wear every day. how do you normally.
Speaker 1: dress. well my mom is I'm a student. so I don't go to work. so I don't have a dress code. so I'm usually in jeans and a sweatshirt or something like that. unless I'm giving a pre presentation. then I  you know wear a skirt or something. try to make it look a little more dressy. how about you.
Speaker 2: well  I do like to dress up. I'm not  one for wearing sweats to school. I don't believe in like going out in sweats because I can wear them at home. but I - I do like to  wear jeans you know. and I when I go to school sometimes I wear  like a nice shirt with jeans. I try. and you know if I'm wearing one  casual item then I - I  wear a nicer item on top or if I wear  jeans. then I - I skip the tennis shoes. I wear like nice shoes. and then maybe I'll wear like  you know nice socks that you know kind of what - what can I say. kind of dress up the outfit a little more kind of like that. so.
Speaker 1: you're not the kind that wears the jeans that are ripped at the knees.
Speaker 2: no. yeah.
Speaker 1: I'm not either.
Speaker 2: yeah I - I don't know if I even if I did wear those again I'd - I'd combine it with like a nicer item just because I'm always you know I try not to be too  into clothing and into makeup and things like that. and I've gotten a lot better. but  especially since I might be going into the Peace Corps I I'm not even buying clothes. but  <what I> - what I like to do is just I don't know. kind of look like I care what I look like.
Speaker 1: exactly. yeah. you're - you're neat neatly dressed.
Speaker 2: yeah. what are you planning on doing in the future that - that would change your dressing style or that.
Speaker 1: well next year I go to graduate school. I wanna become a teacher right now. a biochemistry major. oh so right now I'm in the lab which is big reason for wearing messy clothes.
Speaker 2: sure.
Speaker 1: next year I'm gonna try to look older and more intelligent. so then I'll be wearing more business style clothing. sure.
Speaker 2: not.
Speaker 1: not on the level of suits but dresses. skirts. nice sweaters. nice slacks.
Speaker 2: yeah. do you I'm sorry. I.
Speaker 1: was just gonna say. definitely. my lifestyle has influenced what I've worn. how about you.
Speaker 2:  well I just wanted to what was I going to ask you. I just wanted to ask you if  you like the way  that business clo the clothing line for business clothing. I don't know if you've seen much of it. but do you like the styles that they put out. I.
Speaker 1: haven't seen much. but I like more of a tailored look Crispen tailored. you know not men's wear so much. you know feminine but not all the Ruffy stuff and big bangy necklaces. yeah. I don't go for that.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: for the tailored you know more of a straight skirt. I like that.
Speaker 2: yeah. that does look nice. I can't. I that's one way I cannot see myself. dressing is just having to be real you know too professional. I have like this fear of having to dress you know too conform too much you know even though I like to dress up I - I kind of like. what's - what's the way I could. I like the way New Yorkers dress kind of like that.
Speaker 1: mm.
Speaker 2: you know. yeah. kind of yeah.
Speaker 1: a little bit of a flare to it.
Speaker 2: yeah. it's - it's  you know it's got some meaning to it. it's - it's not too outrageous yet. it's - it's them. that's the way I always see New Yorkers dressing.
Speaker 1: right. not like everybody else a little different a little of your own personality.
Speaker 2: yeah. yeah.
Speaker 1: so do you go for bright colors. or are you more of a neutral.
Speaker 2:  for a while there I was into too much you know like black and earth tones. and now I'm gonna try and  get away from that and try to dress a little more brighter yet. I don't go for the pastels just because it kind of washes me out. and - and I'm just not a pastel person. right.
Speaker 1: yeah. I like the bright colors. I think they look cheerful. especially when wintertime comes. and the sun seems to go down from months on end. yes.
Speaker 2: yes. yeah. and it's just much more cheerful.
Speaker 1: yeah I think so too. so do you go for all the accessories.
Speaker 2:  I normally. yeah I think you know a pair of earrings ads. lately I've been really slacking off with that. but  so I just haven't had the money. but  as far as accessories. I like them. you know when I come across them I just you know I guess I probably add more to my order with them. that's probably true.
Speaker 1: right. yeah I like them. but right now like you don't have the money for them so I don't have any. just like I don't have many shoes. you know I have basically you know tan black white. yeah. not - not much of a selection. yes.