
Speaker 2: oh great I just spilled lemonade all over my face . xxx there's like a mouthful left I'll drink it. now it's all over my shirt.
Speaker 1: ooh.
Speaker 2: my corduroy shirt.
Speaker 1: ooh is it new.
Speaker 2: yuck. yeah.
Speaker 1: ooh.
Speaker 2: oh well it has to be washed now.
Speaker 1: I haven't done laundry for like three weeks I really have to do laundry before I go home.
Speaker 2: oh gross. this isn't.
Speaker 1: what I have like.
Speaker 2: no not you me I have I'm covered in lemonade.
Speaker 1: xxx. oh yeah more than you thought.
Speaker 2: yeah. I don't usually drink from the carton so maybe I.
Speaker 1: oh okay I thought you meant the cup and I'm like it's kind of hard to misestimate a cup. so whatever.
Speaker 2: well it's gone now. and Paul it's Paul Newman lemonade.
Speaker 1: oh yum that's even a really good kind. there is the best orange juice out here I had it couple days ago. I have never had like such great orange juice do you have Adwallah do we have Adwallah at home.
Speaker 2: I've never heard of it.
Speaker 1: it is so good it's like. better than fresh lemonade it. I don't know what they do it's but it's just wonderful. so.  it here here we have concentrate everything. except for milk which I can't drink so. I would give anything for like a premixed drink most of the time.
Speaker 2: and I'm just covered in stickiness.
Speaker 1: oh poor baby.
Speaker 2: oh well.
Speaker 1: how is Sarah doing? how's Sarah doing.
Speaker 2: oh good. I have no idea what she's doing right now but she has a clipboard . and soon she'll realize that I'm talking about her. but she hasn't realized it yet oh she looked.
Speaker 1: I do that with Emily I can go on for like forever without her even noticing and then other times I can be like. oh yeah yeah she's okay. and she'll be like what.
Speaker 2: yeah we got our phone bills today mine was like six dollars and fifty cents.
Speaker 1: how did that happen.
Speaker 2: I I just - I called home. I called some number three three six three six three zero. I have no idea what it is.
Speaker 1: I don't know.
Speaker 2: three six three zero I'm trying to.
Speaker 1: that sounds like a store number or something.
Speaker 2: oh wait I know what it is it's blockbuster video.
Speaker 1: oh well there you go.
Speaker 2: yeah my doctor is is not in xxx that's what she's talking about .
Speaker 1: am I good or what.
Speaker 2: oh yeah that's what I called. 
Speaker 1: are you working there over the winter.
Speaker 2: yeah. oh blockbuster oh I'm so tired. xxx.
Speaker 1: I really really really don't want to work.
Speaker 2: well maybe you won't find a job.
Speaker 1: I know it's kind of what I'm hoping for.
Speaker 2: do you really really need one.
Speaker 1: kind of but. I figure I'll just get a job next semester.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: which is what I said about this semester but I think I really will next semester. so.  factory. for like a week. and I mean that would be cool to like pay off christmas bills and all that but. I don't know I just don't want to.
Speaker 2: will they hire you?
Speaker 1: yeah probably.
Speaker 2: and so it was like so did you work there last year last christmas.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: oh okay then. will you see Milton if you go back.
Speaker 1: probably I mean I assume he's he's still working there and all.
Speaker 2: yeah.
Speaker 1: actually I wrote a christmas  card to him. so. I don't know but.
Speaker 2: I gave my japanese presentation today.
Speaker 1: oh yeah how did it go.
Speaker 2: you know what I'm talking about right the one about you.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: it went well except there's this one I wrote I emailed you I think but  there's this one part where I talked about how you can your hair was so much blonder. and that you look like Tori spelling and it's really really funny and I completely blanked out I don't know I just went. I went oh my god I completely forgot the entire essay. then I had to skip over it and just go on to the rest it was only like two sentences though.
Speaker 1: oh no.
Speaker 2: but I just completely blanked I'm like what. oh god oh well  so I couldn't just stand there like. you know so I just went on with the rest but. and then everyone laughed because I then I talked about you and Milton and it was like.
Speaker 1: what did you say.
Speaker 2: it was like - I because - I well it's really simple japanese.
Speaker 1: yeah.
Speaker 2: well I sort of had to describe like whatever and I was like. then Sarah met Milton. and Milton was from Venezuela and he liked the salsa too . and then. but Milton didn't speak english very well. he spoke spanish. Sarah spoke a little spanish and everyone just started laughing so I guess they understood. so that was good that they understood at least because it was really simple but. it was just funny. and then like. and I was like but Sarah was happy. I did not understand any of it  and then. and then the last is like well now Sarah is in California and Milton does not write and Sarah does not write. but Sarah is okay.
Speaker 2: she's taking spanish and she's doing very well so funny.
Speaker 1: okay.
Speaker 2: the other people that gave I couldn't understand a word they said my friend Kai.