
Speaker 2: There's a warrant out for my arrest.
Speaker 1: This is a criminal case registered under your name for tax fraud and tax evasion and there is also a warrant out for your arrest now.
Speaker 2: There's a warrant out for my arrest? 
Speaker 1:This is a recordable line sir, I have to play this recording in the court house so we don't need any interruption.
Speaker 2: Sorry this is going to get played in court.
Speaker 1: Yeah, the recording is going to be played in the court house. We found out a miscalculation of £1,693 outstanding under your name. So at this point of time we have only two options. Your first option is to go to court and fight the case. In case if you are found guilty you have to pay a penalty fine of £19,000 and an imprisonment of two years. And if you want to resolve the matter outside of the court house then you have to pay the outstanding amount which is £1,693 to the government. If at this point it was not your intention to defraud the HMRC then this whole money is going to be refunded back to you. What do you want to do? You want to go to court or you want to pay and resolve the matter?
Speaker 2: I have no idea mate, sorry this has all just sort of caught me a little bit, I wasn't expecting this at all. Do I have to decide now?
Speaker 1: Sir, over to the recordable line because I have to submit this recording to the courthouse and law is not according to you. You have to go over the law. So you have to come from the department. What do you want to do? If you want to go to court you can simply hang up the call and wait for police. They will come to you and they will take you in custody.
Speaker 2: Sorry. Sorry who, sorry who? Oh the police, the police, sorry I couldn't understand 
Speaker 1: If you are found guilty you have to pay the outstanding amount and the penalty fine of £19,000 and if you want to resolve the matter you just need to pay £1,693 to the government. 
Speaker 2: oh my god, sorry. So if I go to court, I have to pay... Oh god, how do I do that?
Speaker 1: So you have to do it online by yourself. We can only give you the transaction code of the court house so you can pay directly to the court house. Do you have these funds available to resolve the matter?
Speaker 2: Well look, yeah, I mean I can't have the police come round.
Speaker 1: Which bank you are banking with sir?
Speaker 2: HSBC.
Speaker 1: Apart from HSBC do you have any other bank account like Revolut, Monzo, Monis or any other bank?
Speaker 2: No I think most of my stuff was with HSBC.
Speaker 1: So please confirm your source code sir so we can generate the transaction code from our side and we will give it to you.
Speaker 2: Right okay, and sorry, who are you calling from, are you calling from HMRC or the police sorry?
Speaker 1: I am calling from HMRC Inner Code London.
Speaker 2: sorry? Sorry where? Oh in London? Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry where? Oh in London? Yeah. Whereabouts in London?
Speaker 1: HMRC Inner Code London.
Speaker 2: I'm sorry where? Oh inner court? 
Speaker 1: Yeah. 
Speaker 2: Whereabouts in London?
Speaker 1: HMRC Inner Court London
Speaker 2: Inner Court? Right right okay, and is, I mean have you, sorry mate, because obviously I see that you've just called me, is there any way like have you got any ID or anything that you could show me or is there a website I can check out or something?
Speaker 1: Sir I can verify this call so you don't need to worry about that. If you want to check that is that real or not. So please check the phone. Is there any call coming to you?
Speaker 2: There is actually, yeah, someone's trying to get through now.
Speaker 1: Please pick up the line. Please pick up the line sir. That's my official number.
Speaker 2: Okay, hold on. Hello, this is Daniel.
Speaker 1: Yeah this side same officer. So please open google.com and I will show you whom you are calling.
Speaker 2: Who are you talking to? So hang on, so you've just called me on a different number. Hang on, this is...
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Oh yeah, okay.
Speaker 1: That's my official number. Please open google.com sir. Just click on that sir. Yeah.
Speaker 2: Yeah.
Speaker 1: Now you are on the official website of government so please scroll down the page below. Is there any phone number of enquiries?
Speaker 2: That's exactly the same number that you're calling me on.
Speaker 1: So that's my official number so now you can tell me whatever you want to do.
Speaker 2: Oh, I will definitely pay that £1600 please mate, because you're calling from HMRC Inner Court, in a London Crown Court.
Speaker 1: So you have to confirm your source code first so we can generate your transaction code and give it to you.
Speaker 2: Yeah, mate, there's absolutely no way I'm going to give you my sort code because you're a criminal, you're a crook and you prey on victims and it's outrageous what you do. You prey on vulnerable people, you steal their money and you use it probably for organised crime. You're not calling from HMRC. You're not calling from London. This isn't the number. You've spoofed it. I know how you criminals work. You're the person who should be arrested. Goodbye. Goodbye.