
Speaker 1: Like I mentioned with SpaceX, you give a lot of people hope, and a lot of people look up to you, millions of people look up to you. If we think about young people in high school, maybe in college, what advice would you give to them about, if they wanna try to do something big in this world, they wanna really have a big positive impact, what advice would you give them about their career in general?
Speaker 2: Try to be useful. Do things that are useful to your fellow human beings, to the world. It's very hard to be useful. Very hard. You know, are you contributing more than you consume? You know, like, can you try to have a positive net contribution to society? I think that's the thing to aim for. You know, not to try to be sort of a leader for the sake of being a leader or whatever. A lot of time, the people you want as leaders are the people who don't want to be leaders. So if you can live a useful life, that is a good life. A life worth having lived. You know, and like I said, I would encourage people to use the mental tools of physics
Speaker 1: When you think about education and self-education,
Speaker 2: and apply them broadly in life.
Speaker 1: what do you recommend?
Speaker 2: They are the best tools.
Speaker 1: So there's the university, there's self-study, there is a hands-on sort of finding a company or a place or a set of people that do the thing you're passionate about and joining them as early as possible. There's taking a road trip across Europe for a few years and writing some poetry,
Speaker 2: I would encourage people to read a lot of books.
Speaker 1: which I think is a great way to get to know people and writing some poetry, which trajectory do you suggest? In terms of learning about how you can become useful, as you mentioned, how you can have the most positive impact.
Speaker 2: Basically, try to ingest as much information as you can.
Speaker 1: Thank you.
Speaker 2: And try to also just develop a good general knowledge. So you at least have a rough lay of the land of the knowledge landscape. Try to learn a little bit about a lot of things. Because you might not know what you're really interested in. How would you know what you're really interested in if you at least aren't doing a peripheral exploration broadly of the knowledge landscape?
Speaker 1: Isn't the whole thing the search for meaning?
Speaker 2: And talk to people from different walks of life and different industries and professions and skills and occupations. Just try to learn as much as possible. And search for meaning. Yeah, what's the meaning of life? But just generally, like I said, I would encourage people to read broadly in many different subject areas.
Speaker 1: You
Speaker 2: And then try to find something where there's an overlap of what you're interested in.
Speaker 1: Your talents
Speaker 2: So people may be good at something, or they may have skill at a particular thing, but they don't like doing it. So you want to try to find a thing where that's a good combination of the things that you're inherently good at, but you also like doing.
Speaker 1: You
Speaker 2: And...
Speaker 1: Hmm and reading is a super fast shortcut to to figure out which
Speaker 2: Where are you...
Speaker 1: You both good at it. You like doing it and it will actually have positive impact
Speaker 2: You've got to learn about things somehow. So reading a broad range. Just really read it.
Speaker 1: You
Speaker 2: You know, when I was a kid, I read through the encyclopedia. So that was pretty helpful. And all sorts of things I didn't even know existed.
Speaker 1: You brought as it gets
Speaker 2: Well, a lot, obviously. Encyclopedias were digestible, I think, you know, whatever, 40 years ago. So, you know, maybe read through the condensed version of the Encyclopedia Britannica. I'd recommend that. You can always skip subjects where you read a few paragraphs and know you're not interested. Just jump to the next one. So read the encyclopedia or skim through it.
Speaker 1: You
Speaker 2: But I put a lot of stock and certainly have a lot of respect for someone who puts in an honest day's work to do useful things. And just generally to have not a zero-sum mindset, or have more of a grow-the-pie mindset. If you sort of say, like, when we see people, like, perhaps, including some very smart people,
Speaker 1: You
Speaker 2: kind of taking an attitude of, like, doing things that seem morally questionable, it's often because they have, at a base, sort of axiomatic level, a zero-sum mindset. And they, without realizing it, they don't realize they have a zero-sum mindset. Or at least they don't realize it consciously. And so if you have a zero-sum mindset, then the only way to get ahead is by taking things from others. If the pie is fixed, then the only way to have more pie is to take someone else's pie.
Speaker 1: You
Speaker 2: But this is false. Like, obviously, the pie has grown dramatically over time, the economic pie.
Speaker 1: You
Speaker 2: So, in reality, you can have, to overuse this analogy, there's a lot of pie.
Speaker 1: You You
Speaker 2: Pie is not fixed. So you really want to make sure you're not operating, without realizing it, from a zero-sum mindset.
Speaker 1: You
Speaker 2: Where the only way to get ahead is to take things from others. Then that's going to result in you trying to take things from others, which is not good.
Speaker 1: You
Speaker 2: It's much better to work on adding to the economic pie.
Speaker 1: You
Speaker 2: Like I said, creating more than you consume.
Speaker 1: So
Speaker 2: So that's a big deal. I think there's a fair number of people in finance that do have a bit of a zero-sum mindset.
Speaker 1: You I mean, it's all walks of life. I've seen that one of the one of the reasons Rogan inspires me is he celebrates all there's a lot. There's not not creating a constant competition Like there's a scarcity of resources what happens when you celebrate others and you promote others The ideas of others it it it actually grows that pie I mean it every like the the resource be the resources become less scarce And that that applies in a lot of kinds of domains that applies in academia where a lot of people are very See some funding for academic research is zero sum
Speaker 2: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker 1: And it is not if you celebrate each other if you make if you get everybody to be excited about AI about physics above Mathematics, I think it there'd be more and more funding and I think everybody wins. Yeah that applies. I think broadly Yeah You
Speaker 2: Thank you.