
Speaker 1: We're what you were saying before about being a competitor. The United States is competitive Yeah, obviously and when you're playing the ultimate game, which is war you have to be very careful about what you reveal what you don't reveal and This is where the conversation about surprise kill vanish comes in because the CIA using these Covert operations to assassinate people and whether or not that should be allowed or not allowed whether it's good or bad Whether it's necessary Whether it's like if you want people to be safe over here there's certain people you got to take out and sometimes you just can't follow the rules and why
Speaker 2: Why are we not supposed to know about that? Should we know about that the way the story started for me? I'm at my house in 2009 a source is you know calls me up He says I'm on my way back from the Middle East gonna pop by the house and say hi He brings me a challenge coin that says Kabul Afghanistan State Department. I'm thinking okay He is not a diplomat. I mean he's weapons trained At the time my boys were young there were lots of GI Joe's in the garden and they had little weapons right and the source is Showing them about the weapons and they're like so into it because they know he's military trained and then he says if it's okay with Your mom and dad. I'll show you some weapons boys are like, please so he sets up this sniper rifle in the living room and I live up in the hills and you can Look across the canyon through this scope he set up and I can see the veins on a leaf Across the canyon and I thought okay. So now I know what he was doing in Kabul Afghanistan He's taking out al-qaeda with this there's another case on the ground that he never opens and When the boys go off I say to him what's in that and he said he opens it up and inside There's a knife and it's serrated
Speaker 1: And I said, what's that for? Immediately realizing, you know, my naivete and he says to me sometimes a job requires quiet
Speaker 2: So why that became interesting to me was because of my own Thoughts and perceptions about what he had told me in other words, I could I could deal with him with a sniper rifle I could be like, okay, that's what he does. But the knife gave me pause I was like he's slitting someone's throat. Is it in the ribs? and I thought why is it that I am willing to accept sort of the clinical nature of a Of a sniper rifle, but I can't I'm uncomfortable with that close up hand-to-hand killing and that led me to surprise kill vanish because That was the motto of the precursor agency of the CIA It was called the OSS the Office of Strategic Services Their motto was surprised kill vanish because they would jump out of aircraft Land work with their French partners and kill Nazis With a you know a knife to the throat and I thought okay, that's considered Okay, because they were Nazis right, but we can't we're not supposed to do that anymore in This world we live in why and I spent the whole This whole book researching and reporting is about that sort of Conundrum, if you will that moral puzzle, you know, why do we why do we differentiate? Yeah, and who are they willing to do that to where do they draw that line?
Speaker 1: like I'm sure you're aware of the story of Jamal Khashoggi the journalist who was assassinated by someone some group of people and that they he entered into the Turkish Embassy and And they they whacked him and chopped him up and carried him out in boxes and it's a an international
Speaker 2: It's well, it's a huge incident, right yes, this
Speaker 1: Supposedly was ordered by who was it supposed to the Lord by the head of Saudi Arabia? Yeah MBS Mohammed bin Salman
Speaker 2: I mean, that's the idea is that their head of state Wanted him killed because he was a threat because he was a reporter because he was writing some things. Yeah
Speaker 1: And that they this is how they did it Yeah, I mean and there's that's a great question because what you're saying is like, okay
Speaker 2: So but we all think of that as reprehensible, right? Right, why you know because let's he's a journalist and he's on our side. He's delivering information to people but the government of
Speaker 1: Saudi Arabia disagreed they're like that information is our information. He's a threat by releasing it Yes, he's a threat to our livelihood
Speaker 2: Yes, yeah and who decides who's a threat I mean a lot of this book is about who's on the kill list, right? I mean there is an actual kill list there always has been and the euphemisms involved I mean, I write history as I said, so Eisenhower called his Assassination program health alteration. I mean literally in the declassified documents. That's hilarious Health alteration. He had a health alteration committee Whoa Kennedy had an executive action committee, right? That sounds cleaner, right? Guess what Reagan's was called
Speaker 1: Super Wonder Boy power up close
Speaker 2: pre-emptive
Speaker 1: neutralization Pre-emptive neutralization Wow. Why do they keep switching the names for it? They're burying the
Speaker 2: information right and they keep switching around the They switch around who has authority to You know say yes, let's go ahead and put this guy on the kill list. I mean that was fascinating I mean, I interviewed a guy named John Rizzo who's a decades-long CIA attorney I was stunned that he was willing to talk to me and he explained to me how a presidential finding also called a memorandum of notification works that gives the president the authority to Put an individual on the kill list that job is then given to the CIA's paramilitary army an operator or their assassins because the CIA works under a code called title 50 of So it makes it legal. Whereas the Defense Department works under what's called title 10 So in other words, and they can't their rules of engagement are totally different The misnomer is like, oh the SEALs killed bin Laden Well, they were SEALs trained, but that was a CIA mission hmm, because Pakistan is a sovereign nation and The military can't kill people in countries. We're not at war with so those guys all became essentially CIA operators For the night, whoa, right and if you look at photographs as I have seen you'll notice that they have no markings on their
Speaker 1: Outfits so that if the job went south it'd be like I don't know who these guys are Hmm, and if you look back at Vietnam photos of the Mac V Saug teams, which I also write about
Speaker 2: In surprise kill vanish because that's the precursor of that. You see no markings, right? That way you can go into You can go behind enemy lines. You can go into Laos, you know in the Vietnam War you can go Now you can go into Pakistan. What I learned reporting this book is we're in a hundred and thirty four countries Doing title 50 operations. Hmm think about that Government wants that to be kept secret
Speaker 1: So in all those countries, they're doing things that don't fall under the normal letter of the law Not yes not under the rules of engagement of the military, but the CIA works at the president's behest
Speaker 2: That that was one thing that really blew my mind to report to research to understand I talked to 42 guys who have direct access to this who are in this world You know from the knuckle-draggers on the ground as they call themselves to the lawyer at CIA Senior intelligence staff that's the equivalent of a general at the CIA those guys explaining to me Annie this is how it works, you know and Again to your question. Well, why why does someone get to know that and why does the government want? Why do they allow that information out is super interesting. And I believe that has to do with a Certain climate we're in right now about military might right in other words what the CIA does is called tertia optio It's the third option. You've got the first option is diplomacy Second option is war. So if diplomacy is not working and war is unwise You go to the third option, which is the CIA's paramilitary And they're in a hundred and how many countries hundred and thirty-four. Do you?
Speaker 1: Well, if you wonder why the military budget so big that's what it is folks gotta feed those folks a lot of work
Speaker 2: I mean what happened and you as a competitor would be fascinated by the kind of training they do and what they do I mean so many of these infiltration techniques are mind-boggling, you know, they've got halo jumping which you know about right where they High altitude low opening so they jump out they you know free fall down terminal velocity Pull the ripcord really low So they're not detected by radar and then they meet up with a team on the ground and go do what they do then they also have hey-ho, which is high altitude high opening and that way you can fly over airspace where we're allowed and Float into let's say a country like Iran and Land gather your team and do what you have to do But like so much of what I report I get information like that And then I ask a million questions like you've asking me and it's like can't talk about that. That's classified. Hmm You don't you you're a journalist. So you're trying not to judge. Mm-hmm, but
Speaker 1: Is it your belief that this is a good thing for America Meaning
Speaker 2: Well, I mean I write in the book that that's in the prologue after I tell that story about the source with a knife I say I wanted to know And that exact question like is this a good thing and my answer at the end After it's complex not to be vague, but it is really complex is also that Well, if you're gonna take that pole position You Must accept rivalry, right? Mm-hmm and Also after talk do I think it's a good thing After talking to a lot of 20 year old soldiers who come back from the war theater missing a limb or with intense PTSD and Who? Essentially serve as cannon fodder. I would say My opinion right for the Pentagon That's the second option war The 42 guys that I interviewed, you know, they're like send me they are professional they are tier-one Operators, they're Green Berets. They're seals. They're Delta. They retire. They joined the CIA Yeah, so they're like professionals at what they do and they're saying I want someone has to do this job We've been doing this since the end of World War two. I want to do it. So Do I think it's better? I mean, I think that that concept speaks to Choice right because I'm not so sure that the 20 year olds know what they're in for and the 40 year olds Know what they're in for and are willing to do it
Speaker 1: so that it will also the difference between a specialized trained Individual with a very specific task versus someone who is sort of following orders and at the front of the line Yeah, right
Speaker 2: I mean and also has a you know a lot of times I talk to these young kids who go to war and they tell me one of the fascinating detail is that They talk about movies that they see and whether it's Saving Private Ryan or Black Hawk Down even right where the outcome is not necessarily great, but they talk about the romanticization of war and of Camaraderie and of brotherhood that comes from that and then they have their experience and some of that does give them that sense But not always Whereas the operators are much more about
Speaker 1: You know getting the job done that's what I was fascinated by I mean these guys are really
Speaker 2: Clear they're they're competitors. They're like top-tier competitors. They have a job they do it
Speaker 1: They get it done and they ask for the next job So is the oversight when it comes to choosing whether or not this operation takes place or not? Is it?
Speaker 2: Do they have?
Speaker 1: Moral guidelines, do they have ethical or moral guidelines where they say like this is this the president is Requesting that this person get taken out the chiefs of staff. Whoever it is It's that I mean do they have to make an ethical distinction you mean are they like kill him nicely like don't make it Do they decide like does this make sense or like what if the president is like Rosie O'Donnell? She's been talking shit. Take her out. Like, you know, I'm saying well, I mean that's you know
Speaker 2: that's a big issue, but What I try to write in what I try to report in surprise kill vanish is the idea that the people we take out Maybe are bad guys, right one one guy I write about is Che Guevara. Okay, because Che is often Portrayed in the press as You know this amazing hero and that he and we you know I don't know if you know, but he was he was killed by the Bolivian Rangers But it was a CIA operation and I interview the man in charge of that operation in surprise kill vanish His name was Felix Rodriguez. Okay long-serving CIA paramilitary officer. So but I also report Why the president to your question wanted? Che Guevara dead, you know, he was
Speaker 1: really advocating for nuclear war and
Speaker 2: I and I show that Guevara was yes I mean he spoke publicly about you know If we have to have an atomic war the Cuban paraphrasing the Cuban people will be happy to have sacrificed themselves for that I mean Che was also Che killed anyone who betrayed him. He killed he writes about it in his diaries as I write in the book Right, so but on the morality question who decides I don't have that answer, but I will tell you what I did I went with my main source Billy Waugh who he's a 89 now and he was He's been with the CIA for 60 years. Okay, I mean he went and He and I went to Cuba for him to do a halo jump with Che Guevara's son So we were a guest of the man Whose father was killed by the CIA Okay, and we had this really interesting discussion in the Cigar Club where Che and Castro, you know smoked cigars and plotted the downfall of the United States and That's what I try to give readers a sense of The long lens of history how time changes all things and And Maybe leave with them them with this idea which they can come to their own conclusions about what you asked me of is it right? Or is it wrong? Because really what you might ask is is it necessary? Mmm, right. I mean I could moralize right wrong, but it would just be my opinion But when you see I went Billy Waugh and I also travel travel to Vietnam Because he was supposed to kill he was tasked to kill the top commander of the North Vietnamese Army a guy named General shop and Waugh didn't kill shop and we had this incredibly this terrible mission that went awry that I write about in the book in the Vietnam War So 50 years later while and I go to visit the son of General shop are sitting there in jobs home talking about these same issues, right and my Conclusion of that Again is not is it right or wrong, but is it necessary? I mean we have these wars. We keep having these wars Is it necessary? Yeah, what do you think well, I mean my opinion is that the Defense Department is far too concerned with Vast weapon systems of the future, which is its mission statement of its science department And so you create what some at the Pentagon call a self-licking ice cream cone or the military industrial complex? Mmm, and there's a lot built into that and there's a lot to be said about that