
Speaker 2: How should I get you the money? Like write a check I could call my eldest daughter, Nina.
Speaker 1: No, I'm saying ma'am, you have to make the payment outside the door, right?
Speaker 2: Outside the dome? Are you talking about the Thunderdome? Are you a Mad Max fan? I used to spend hours watching Mad Max and daydreaming, just simply salivating at the thought of sitting
Speaker 1: Hello? Yeah, hold on a second, just be on hold.
Speaker 2: next to Mad Max on one of those bikes.
Speaker 1: Hello? Hello? Yes, ma'am. You need... Yes, ma'am, so you need to make the payment of $200. Yeah, so, like, do you have any kind of store near to you, like a Walgreens, Walmart store?
Speaker 2: There's a Walgreens down the street that Nina gets my prescriptions from. I would say
Speaker 1: Well, yeah. All right, so how far it is, if you can tell me that, that would be great.
Speaker 2: probably 15 minutes. Right. Give or take, yes. I believe so. And unless the previous
Speaker 1: 15 minutes. All right, and what's the time over there? You're in Miami, right? Okay, it's 1.24 there, right? Okay. All right, so you won't be able to, like, the store will be closed, right?
Speaker 2: technician can tell you I'm 81 years old. Yes, well the Walgreens. Yes, there is a 24-7.
Speaker 1: I know that. I know that. Do you have any pharmacy store near to you? Just a 24-7? Not a Walgreens, I'm asking about a 24-7.
Speaker 2: I think we could go there. What do you need me to go there for? Security tools. Well,
Speaker 1: Ma'am, I need you to purchase some security tools. Okay, so you can tell me, like, how far it is, the 24-7 medical store.
Speaker 2: if I had Nina come pick me up, I imagine that it would take, you know, from my house.
Speaker 1: Have you heard about Apple iTunes card?
Speaker 2: Oh, yes, I've heard of those. I heard that trumpet again. Why do you need the iTunes
Speaker 1: All right, so you need to purchase two of them. Could you please help me out with your area code, zip code? No, no, no, no, no. That is for the securities.
Speaker 2: cards? Are you looking for some new music for this Christmas or what? Securities. Well,
Speaker 1: All right, please give me your zip code. Zip codes. Please give me your zip code.
Speaker 2: what does the iTunes card have to do with security? Zip code? I don't have an iTunes
Speaker 1: Give me your zip code first.
Speaker 2: card, but I can give you my zip code. It's 3-3-1-1-4. What kind of music are you going
Speaker 1: I'm going to listen to any music. I'm going to install the security, and I'm going to take the payment through an iTunes card. Okay, so you can tell me, like, how far it is, the 24-7 medical store.
Speaker 2: to listen to? I don't understand.
Speaker 1: I'm going to listen to any music. I'm going to install the security, and I'm going to take the payment through an iTunes card. All right. All right. So, hold on. Hold on. Hello? Yes. Yes, ma'am. Yes. Just give me a moment. All right, so if you can go to any of the stores, which is a 27 store, 24-7,
Speaker 2: All right, so I need two iTunes cards for $100 each. What is the 27 store?
Speaker 1: and you can purchase an Apple iTunes card, like two cards for $100 each. Okay? $100 each.
Speaker 2: I'm not too sure about that. I don't have any cash. I'd have to ask my daughter Nina to come
Speaker 1: What? The store which is open right now. The store which would be open right now?
Speaker 2: pick me up. I'm 81 years old. I can hardly move out of this couch. Nina does all my bills, I told
Speaker 1: You can use your card if you don't have cash.
Speaker 2: the previous technician that she keeps a notepad on my computer with all of the information,
Speaker 1: Once she's back, please let me know.
Speaker 2: but I don't have that right now. Because there's a password on my computer, but if I knew this
Speaker 1: All right.
Speaker 2: password and I could get back onto my desktop, I would have my bank account, and I would also have my credit card. I'm sorry. I mean, she lives somewhere, I would say, 30 minutes away from me.
Speaker 1: Actually, we don't have the password. Okay, so you can tell me. Once your daughter will be coming up, okay, you can tell me.
Speaker 2: That's a long time. No, I'm saying my daughter lives about 30 minutes from here, and it's 1.30
Speaker 1: The store is 30 minutes ago?
Speaker 2: in the morning. Am I supposed to wake her up? Do you accept anything else, like in terms of coupons
Speaker 1: No, sir. No, ma'am, like you can do it in the morning.
Speaker 2: or gift baskets? You know, I've come to think of it, I might have a Subway gift card that my grandson
Speaker 1: No, no, no, we don't.
Speaker 2: gave me. I usually take them with Nina to Subway, and they like to get that, what is it? The meatloaf football sandwich. What about my Macy's card? I could give you my Macy's card. Oh, you know what?
Speaker 1: That won't work. No.
Speaker 2: I think I got Tyler something for Christmas. I did buy Tyler a Bitcoin for Christmas. I don't really understand what it is. It's the iTunes, and you really want to listen to those tunes, huh?
Speaker 1: No, I don't want iTunes. No, I don't want to. You can get it in the morning, all right? Two for $100 each.
Speaker 2: And what, I just call you back?
Speaker 1: All right, you can call me back or else I'll give you a call back in the morning. No, you'll not be able to get into your computer system, sir. See, I don't know about it. I did not. I did not. Even they haven't. It doesn't matter. Even you were taking the advantages. Listen, listen, listen to me. Okay, at the very beginning, all right, when I was talking to the lady, all right, I just knew that someone, someone is there who is sitting, okay, and who is controlling the computer and who is doing all the things. And when she was, listen to me, the lady, she was talking, I don't want anything. You lost your computer, that's it. That's it. It doesn't matter. You people are fools and we do such things for you too, for you people. You people are just fools. You people who live in the United States. That's why we are doing it. India, I'm in India. I'm earning, I'm earning, I'm earning a lot of money from you fools. I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't. I won't, I won't. I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't. I won't listen to you. I won't listen. I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't.
Speaker 2: Oh, can I
Speaker 1: I won't listen to you. I won't listen to you.
Speaker 2: be your girlfriend? I don't know. You don't know? I don't know. Okay, you can have it. No, I don't want to. You're not allowed to
Speaker 1: I won't listen to you.
Speaker 2: have it. Big deal. Yeah, let her have all the buddies. Everything about her stays stays. Okay,
Speaker 1: I won't listen to you.
Speaker 2: you can have her
Speaker 1: I won't listen to you.
Speaker 2: if you want. Let her have all the buddies. Okay,
Speaker 1: I won't listen to you.
Speaker 2: you can have her if you want. Okay, you can have her if you want. Okay,
Speaker 1: I won't listen to you.
Speaker 2: you can have her if you want. Okay, you can have her if you want.
Speaker 1: I won't listen to you.
Speaker 2: Okay, you can have her if you want. Okay, you can have her if you want.
Speaker 1: I won't listen to you.
Speaker 2: Okay, you can have her if you want. Okay, you can have
Speaker 1: I won't listen to you.
Speaker 2: her if you want. Okay, you can have her if you want. Okay, you can have her
Speaker 1: I won't listen to you.
Speaker 2: if you want. Okay, you can have her if you