
Speaker 2: Oh, you know, I read your book last night. 
Speaker 1: Oh, so you're the one -
Speaker 2: Do you still uh, do you still counsel veterans? 
Speaker 1: No, I don't why not? Well, I gave it up when my wife got sick 
Speaker 2: You ever wonder what your life would be like if you uh, if you never met your wife 
Speaker 1: What wonder if I'd be better off without her? 
Speaker 2: No, no, no, I'm not saying like no off. I didn't mean it. 
Speaker 1: That's all right It's an important question Because you'll have bad times but that'll always wake you up to the good stuff you weren't paying attention to And you don't regret meeting your wife. Why because the pain I feel now No, I got regrets. Well, but I don't regret a single day. I spent with her
Speaker 2: So, when did you know like that she was the one for you October 21st 1975 Jesus Christ, you know the fucking day.
Speaker 1: Oh, yeah. Because it was game six of the World Series Biggest game in Red Sox history. Yeah, sure. My friends and I slept out in the sidewalk all night to get tickets You got tickets day of the game. We're sitting in a bar waiting for the game to start And in walks this girl. It was amazing game though, you know bottom of the eighth Carbo tied it up at a 6-6 It went to 12 bottom of the 12th and stepped Carlton Fisk old punch steps up to the plate. He's got that weird stand He clocks it, you know Line 35,000 people on their feet yelling at the ball, but that's not because Fisk he's waving at the ball like a man Fans, you know, they charge the field You know, yeah, he's fucking No, I didn't rush the fucking feel I wasn't there What no, I was in a bar having a drink with my future wife. 
Speaker 1: You missed Pudge Fisk home run Oh, yeah to have a fucking drink with some lady. You never met. Yeah, but you should have seen her. She was a stunner I don't care. Oh, no. No, she lit up the room. I don't care if Oh My god, and who are these fucking friends of yours? They let you get away with that. I had to. What did you say to him?
Speaker 2: Just slid my ticket across the table and I said, sorry guys. I gotta see about a girl
Speaker 1: Yeah, that's what you said I had and they let you get away with that.
Speaker 2: Oh, yeah, they saw my eyes and I meant it
Speaker 1: You kidding me? 
Speaker 2: No, I'm not kidding you. Well, that's why I'm not talking right now about some girl I saw it about 20 years ago and how I always regretted not going over and talking to her I don't regret the 18 years. I was married to Nancy. I don't regret the six years I had to give up counseling when she got sick, and I don't regret the last years when she got really sick I'm sure as hell don't regret missing a damn game. That's regret Wow Would've been nice to catch that game though. I didn't know Pudge was gonna hit a home run