
Speaker 2: reason I'm telling you you need to just put your user ID and the password to see
Speaker 1: It's like a gift, you know, I ought to buy some fish and a large, no, no, no, no, no,
Speaker 2: that that you can receive the money yes yes that's the reason I'm telling you put your user ID sir take your time and put a user ID thank you what are you doing sir hold on you give me the one moment sir give me the one moment
Speaker 1: I got to get a kid.
Speaker 2: leave you did it did you remember what was your last balance of your account
Speaker 1: No, not just.
Speaker 2: leave leave your mouse
Speaker 1: I don't check too often and I've been thinking about doing something like this for a while. It's like arts and crafts for for old men.
Speaker 2: okay no not sure leave your mouth just leave
Speaker 1: Look at these. That looks like a real winner right there.
Speaker 2: Oh
Speaker 1: You know, I've been thinking about getting. Island hopper 12. I've been trying to start my own.
Speaker 2: Ronald Ronald listen to me
Speaker 1: My own little fishing business, and I thought I'd take my take the guys out.
Speaker 2: I
Speaker 1: Then I'd say I got to learn. I got the rods.
Speaker 2: You
Speaker 1: I got the boat. I can take him on my banana taxi. I get 12 fishing poles in a lot.
Speaker 2: Now listen to me
Speaker 1: But it's guaranteed to get a fish.
Speaker 2: Yes, I know okay
Speaker 1: Calculator really quick, because $1,800. I could make that in a day. You know, we could do a little bit of trolling.
Speaker 2: You
Speaker 1: Sure. I think I'll buy.
Speaker 2: Okay now Ronald Ronald, can you hear me Ronald?
Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. Can you hear me?
Speaker 2: Ronald yes, I can hear you. Just leave your mouse. First of all, you need to just log in your account. I have to do some work
Speaker 1: What's wrong? I'm kind of in the middle of something.
Speaker 2: Did it did you purchase anything right now
Speaker 1: 112 pounds of thrust for $3,600. Now, that's a lot.
Speaker 2: Okay, Ronald leave your mouse Ronald leave your
Speaker 1: Oh, sorry. Hold on. Clicking all over the place. Okay. Hey, listen, thank you for sending me the money. It was nice to meet you. You have a good rest of your day.
Speaker 2: You're there no you need to it you need you need you need
Speaker 1: And again, you call me. You want to go fishing? You call me.
Speaker 2: Ronald Ronald
Speaker 1: 4K HD camera diving, shooting, search and rescue.
Speaker 2: You
Speaker 1: We'll have film night, ROV, drone, marine video, fish fighter.
Speaker 2: You you need to check sir that you can receive the $349 and not okay. Go go back to your bank account and check you
Speaker 1: Thank you. Thank you.
Speaker 2: You need to leave your computer for one minute and then I'll tell you what's wrong, okay You
Speaker 1: Now I'm done. Go ahead.
Speaker 2: Now you're done, okay now just leave your mouse the scammers will hide your screen so they can do things without you knowing Okay, we are updating your mouse we are updating your computer as well I'm right
Speaker 1: I can see it. Sometimes if you close it and open it up.
Speaker 2: That it showed there a mock up or why did you close your computer sir? Did I ask you to do so?
Speaker 1: My name's not Terry Bango Bowl.
Speaker 2: Now he's editing the HTML to make an Amazon charge look like a Microsoft charge
Speaker 1: How much?
Speaker 2: Which we charge you do you see what it says Microsoft can
Speaker 1: Yes, please.
Speaker 2: Do you see that you want this money back, right?
Speaker 1: Yes, please.
Speaker 2: Yes, so do one thing. Okay first. Okay, then do one thing just close your Amazon account
Speaker 1: Complete T style dock package. Normal.
Speaker 2: So what you will do
Speaker 1: I'm starting to go fishing.
Speaker 2: You
Speaker 1: What else do you do with a dock? Okay.
Speaker 2: But this is the last time okay, do you see thank you your order has been placed now
Speaker 1: You said just give me two minutes.
Speaker 2: This is the last one, okay, and what's silver dollar
Speaker 1: I always buy a little bit of silver.
Speaker 2: Do you see it will cost you about one lakh dollar one
Speaker 1: A hundred thousand dollars. My son, he's about to turn 25.
Speaker 2: You
Speaker 1: And he's getting married this month, at the end of the month. And I was thinking, you know, when I got married, my grandfather gave me a silver dollar. And so I was thinking of getting him one of these.
Speaker 2: I'll listen to me. Are you listening me? You
Speaker 1: You can keep it in your pocket just in case you ever need it.
Speaker 2: So this is what you're going to buy now
Speaker 1: For my son.
Speaker 2: You know how much it will cost you
Speaker 1: Oh, shoot.
Speaker 2: Now let me refund you the amount all right
Speaker 1: Right? Yeah, I'm going to need it.
Speaker 2: But you paid them $88,000 just to buy a silver coin. Oh
Speaker 1: Well, it's not just any silver coin. That's an Illinois cent right there.
Speaker 2: You know how much it cost
Speaker 1: That was once $1, you know. It's an investment opportunity.
Speaker 2: He's sending all the money from there on your money market screen, okay To my checking and then I'm gonna buy the tarp
Speaker 1: You look like you're going to be a big man.
Speaker 2: Okay, and what it says on your screen?
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: See, please enter your name and other chode
Speaker 1: I got a price. I got a price check this tarp.
Speaker 2: Why did you close that page
Speaker 1: Oh, sorry. I just want to make sure I don't forget a tarp for my boat.
Speaker 2: You The scammers sent $8,000 of my own money to the checking account This is a command prompt, but they call it the banking server to make it seem like something official is happening
Speaker 1: Listen, all I know is my iPad says I got $7,900 in my checking and I don't know what's going on.
Speaker 2: It's just a trick. First. You need to tell me is this your cell phone or a home phone? You And a fix is okay, do you know any grocery store nearby you know, did you heard about gift card?
Speaker 1: Tell me about it. Are you there?
Speaker 2: Yes, I can hear you he's a little suspicious yes, I'm here with you Full face
Speaker 1: I'm trying to figure out what I'm supposed to be doing.
Speaker 2: You supposed to go outside you supposed to buy gift card TVS pharmacy
Speaker 1: Me out there?
Speaker 2: Bored Okay, are you bored
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Like do you have hair in your head
Speaker 1: How did you know that?
Speaker 2: You
Speaker 1: Can you see me?
Speaker 2: No, I didn't see you after watching me spend almost all of my money
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Their last resort is to ask for a visa vanilla gift card So I pretend to go to the store pick up some gift cards and come back home
Speaker 1: I'm sorry. They didn't have any vanilla flavored cards like you said. They just had vanilla.
Speaker 2: No, I'm asking you about the Google Play gift card
Speaker 1: Google card.
Speaker 2: Yes, type it type
Speaker 1: Is that what you're talking about? FB57. You know, on the back it says open the Play Store. Scratch the label off.
Speaker 2: You just need to write down the numbers only only the 16-digit number nothing else Okay, let's make it quick
Speaker 1: It says P.
Speaker 2: Mother sure just make it quick. What do you see now? What are you doing now? Don't open Google Play
Speaker 1: It has instructions on the back. I don't know if this is what you're supposed to do or not.
Speaker 2: Oh, you don't have to look for instruction you have to listen to me only
Speaker 1: I know my grandson uses Google.
Speaker 2: Just listen to me. Just write down Instead of immediately redeeming the gift card, I'm gonna type it wrong on the notepad
Speaker 1: So how does it work?
Speaker 2: Write down the second card number over there
Speaker 1: Do you have a hunch about how we're going to take care of the rest of the money or are you okay if I buy a boat tarp?
Speaker 2: You No, sir, that will not work if you will do so I'll lose my job
Speaker 1: Yeah. Yeah, but if I don't have a boat tarp, what happens to my boat?
Speaker 2: I'll tell you what
Speaker 1: I'll tell you. Are you sure? I mean, I don't have to get...
Speaker 2: Where are you now? Oh open your notepad mother should open your notepad What if we just
Speaker 1: Buy the $7,000 one. It's just I need something. I don't want to lose my...
Speaker 2: Do you see so you got only three cards right each for a 500 by WBQ
Speaker 1: Yeah. Huh?
Speaker 2: One minute just one minute. Oh, there we go. They're checking it on another computer right now. So theoretically Theoretically any second they'll be like, sir, these cards aren't right. Hope it'll fall into my trap We are 1h YWBQ you gave me the wrong card number the first one. Do you see FB 5 7 the first one?
Speaker 1: Well, it's hard because some of these cards, the numbers are hard to...
Speaker 2: You
Speaker 1: The numbers in our letters, they look the same, you know? Is there a way to check? How do you know whether there's money on there or not?
Speaker 2: Give me the wrong card number, sir
Speaker 1: Uh, okay.
Speaker 2: What are you doing now do you have not eating I'm trying
Speaker 1: I'm going to check it to make sure it's working here. Oh, you know what, sir?
Speaker 2: I'm sorry
Speaker 1: Okay, so it's... I can't tell if it's an A or a B. The Hs and the Bs look the same.
Speaker 2: Here on it to it. Yes
Speaker 1: Okay, so it says you are...
Speaker 2: Give a click on complete
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: That would be I'm sitting I think
Speaker 1: There's money on it. I think there's money on it.
Speaker 2: To be 500 you didn't give me that
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: You already add your card in your account, sir. And what about the second? You
Speaker 1: Some of them are on. I wonder if we're going to have the same problem here.
Speaker 2: Second one is right. Listen to me. You don't have to add listen to me
Speaker 1: I don't know. Let me check. Let me see if I... Let me make sure there's money on it before you guys waste too much of your time. I definitely think this last one is an A, not a B, though. No.
Speaker 2: Now don't give a click on give a click on cancel give a click on cancel this
Speaker 1: What was that?
Speaker 2: Why were you saying
Speaker 1: What?
Speaker 2: You busted There's $500
Speaker 1: You want as well? No.
Speaker 2: The third car
Speaker 1: Let me make sure the third card works as well. Yeah, I'm tracking with you.
Speaker 2: Are you listening are you listening to me sir, if you can Google open your Google account $1,000 is
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Back to you. Okay, so you have not paid a single money to what about?
Speaker 1: This last card, though. Let me see if this one... Oh, yeah.
Speaker 2: Yes, yes do do whatever you like you can do it no problem This guy's the calm like man. The other guy got mad and then it didn't work Like I hope you have only paid to us. Maybe he wants to play Look, he bought some gift cards. Maybe we can get more. Okay. All right Now I hope you know how much the rest of the money you want to give it back to me
Speaker 1: $5,000. $5,000.
Speaker 2: Okay. All right. Now if I give you an account number Will you be able to go to the bank and make a white transfer
Speaker 1: I mean, I could give it a shot. If not, I'd be willing to buy this $5,000 thick camping tarp with grime in it.
Speaker 2: Oh, no, no
Speaker 1: I could send it your way. But if you'd rather me do the wire, I can give that a shot.
Speaker 2: Oh, I can give you an account
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: And the stores will not allow you to buy that much of gift cards
Speaker 1: If you want, I can do two $2,500 tarps.
Speaker 2: I
Speaker 1: No. $2,500 tarps. I... $2,500. I don't... How many employees...
Speaker 2: Spend another hour or so talking to these guys while they frantically searched for a bank account But when they started asking me to go buy more gift cards I realized they weren't going to be able to get an account to launder money
Speaker 1: I'm going to go grab a bite to eat, but I promise I'll take care of it tomorrow. So...
Speaker 2: Okay, okay, you don't have to go inside the bank
Speaker 1: Okay. Okay.
Speaker 2: No, sir, I do one thing just go ahead and get the gift card again
Speaker 1: Okay, bye. The last time. Call me tomorrow.
Speaker 2: Listen to me
Speaker 1: No. You, you mother... Sorry, I think you got the wrong number, son. I think you got the wrong number, son. You got the wrong...
Speaker 2: You
Speaker 1: You...
Speaker 2: I hope you had the chance to laugh and learn a few things while you watched this as always know that you matter and that You're valuable See in the next video
Speaker 1: Bye.