
Speaker 2: reason I'm telling you you need to just put your user ID and the password to see
Speaker 1: It's like a gift, you know, I ought to buy some fish and a large, no, no, no, no, no,
Speaker 2: that that you can receive the money yes yes that's the reason I'm telling you put your user ID sir take your time and put a user ID thank you what are you doing sir hold on you give me the one moment sir give me the one moment
Speaker 1: I got to get a kid.
Speaker 2: leave you did it did you remember what was your last balance of your account
Speaker 1: No, not just.
Speaker 2: leave leave your mouse
Speaker 1: I don't check too often and I've been thinking about doing something like this for a while. It's like arts and crafts for for old men.
Speaker 2: okay no not sure leave your mouth just leave
Speaker 1: Look at these. That looks like a real winner right there.
Speaker 2: Oh
Speaker 1: You know, I've been thinking about getting. I've been trying to start my own.
Speaker 2: Ronald Ronald listen to me
Speaker 1: My own little fishing business, and I thought I'd take my take the guys out, you know, I'd say I got to learn. I got the rods. I got the boat. I can take him on my banana taxi. I get 12 fishing poles and a lot.
Speaker 2: listen to me
Speaker 1: But it's guaranteed to get a fish.
Speaker 2: yes I know sir just leave your mouse ok just leave your mouse
Speaker 1: Calculate it really quick, because $1,800.
Speaker 2: wait a minute
Speaker 1: I could make that in a day. You know, we could do a little bit of trolling. Sure. I think I'll buy.
Speaker 2: ok now Ronald Ronald can you hear me Ronald
Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. Can you hear me?
Speaker 2: Ronald yes I can hear you just leave your mouse first of all you need to just login your account
Speaker 1: What's wrong?
Speaker 2: I have to do some work
Speaker 1: I'm kind of in the middle of something.
Speaker 2: did you purchase anything right now Ronald give me the one moment Ronald
Speaker 1: 112 pounds of thrust for $3,600. Now, that's a lot.
Speaker 2: ok Ronald leave your mouse
Speaker 1: Oh, sorry.
Speaker 2: Ronald leave your mouse
Speaker 1: Hold on. Clicking all over the place. Okay. Hey, listen, thank you for sending me the money. It was nice to meet you. You have a good rest of your day.
Speaker 2: no you need to
Speaker 1: And again, you call me. You want to go fishing? You call me.
Speaker 2: Ronald Ronald give me the one moment Ronald hold on
Speaker 1: 4K HD camera diving, shooting, search and rescue.
Speaker 2: hold on
Speaker 1: We'll have film night, ROV, drone, marine video, fish fighter.
Speaker 2: you need to check sir that you can receive the $349 a nut ok go back to your
Speaker 1: Thank you.
Speaker 2: bank account and check you leave
Speaker 1: Thank you.
Speaker 2: you need to leave your computer for one minute and then I'll tell you what's wrong
Speaker 1: Now I'm done. Go ahead.
Speaker 2: now you're done ok now just leave your mouse the scammers will hide your screen so they can do things without you knowing you are on update mode ok we are updating your mouse we are updating your computer as well I was right in the middle of something I think it's broken
Speaker 1: I can see if, sometimes if you close it and open it up.
Speaker 2: why did you close your computer sir did I ask you to do so
Speaker 1: My name's not Terry Bango Bowl.
Speaker 2: now he's editing the html to make an Amazon charge look like a Microsoft charge do you see what it says Microsoft confirmation minus $350
Speaker 1: Yes, please.
Speaker 2: do you see that you want this money back right yes
Speaker 1: Yes, please.
Speaker 2: so do one thing ok first ok then do one thing just close your Amazon account close your Amazon account so that I'll give you the refund right
Speaker 1: By the way. Complete T-style dock package. Normal.
Speaker 2: so what you will do with this
Speaker 1: I'm starting.
Speaker 2: $6000
Speaker 1: I'm going to go fishing.
Speaker 2: so
Speaker 1: What else do you do as a doc?
Speaker 2: this is the
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: last time ok do you see thank you your order has been placed
Speaker 1: You said just give me two minutes.
Speaker 2: now just leave it it's all done ok this is the last one ok and what's silver dollar
Speaker 1: I always buy a little bit of silver.
Speaker 2: I always buy on do you see it will cost you
Speaker 1: A hundred thousand dollars.
Speaker 2: about $1,00,000
Speaker 1: My son, he's about to turn 25.
Speaker 2: $1,00,000
Speaker 1: And he's getting married this summer.
Speaker 2: you
Speaker 1: He's getting married this month, at the end of the month. And I was thinking, you know, when I got married, my grandfather gave me a silver dollar. And so I was thinking of getting him one of these.
Speaker 2: I listen to me are you listening
Speaker 1: You can keep it in your pocket just in case you ever need it.
Speaker 2: so this is what you're going to buy now you know
Speaker 1: For my son.
Speaker 2: how much it will cost you
Speaker 1: Oh, shoot.
Speaker 2: now let me refund you the amount
Speaker 1: Right?
Speaker 2: all right
Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm going to need it.
Speaker 2: but you paid them $88,000 just to buy a silver coin
Speaker 1: Well, it's not just any silver coin. That's an Illinois cent right there.
Speaker 2: you know how much it cost
Speaker 1: That was once $1, you know.
Speaker 2: you
Speaker 1: It's an investment opportunity.
Speaker 2: he's sending all the
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: money from my money market to my checking and then I'm gonna buy the tarp ok
Speaker 1: I got a price.
Speaker 2: what it says on
Speaker 1: I got a price check this tarp.
Speaker 2: your screen you see please
Speaker 1: Oh, sorry.
Speaker 2: enter your name
Speaker 1: I just want to make sure I don't forget a tarp for my boat.
Speaker 2: ok the scammer sent $8000 of my own money to the checking account this is a command prompt but they call it the banking server to make it
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: seem like something official is happening it's just a trick first you need to tell me is this your cell phone or home phone
Speaker 1: Listen, all I know is my iPad says I got $7,900 in my checking. And I don't know what's going on.
Speaker 2: ok do you know any grocery store nearby you did you heard about gift card
Speaker 1: Tell me about it. Are you there?
Speaker 2: yes I can hear you
Speaker 1: Yes.
Speaker 2: he's a little suspicious yes I'm here with you
Speaker 1: I'm trying to figure out what I'm supposed to be doing.
Speaker 2: show me your full face you supposed to go outside you supposed to buy gift card from CVS pharmacy
Speaker 1: Me out there? Unaccountable.
Speaker 2: I'm sorry ok are you bald
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: do you have hair in your head
Speaker 1: How did you know that? Can you see me?
Speaker 2: ok no I didn't see you
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: after watching me spend almost all of my money their last resort is to ask for a Visa Vanilla gift card so I pretend to go to the store, pick up some gift cards and come back home
Speaker 1: I'm sorry. They didn't have any vanilla flavored cards, like you said. They just had vanilla.
Speaker 2: no worry I'm asking you about the google play gift card
Speaker 1: Google card.
Speaker 2: yes type it
Speaker 1: Is that what you're talking about? You know, on the back, it says open the Play Store. Scratch the label off.
Speaker 2: you just need to write down the numbers only only the 16 digit number nothing else just make it quick
Speaker 1: It says P.
Speaker 2: just make it quick what are you doing now don't open google play
Speaker 1: It has instructions on the back. I don't know if this is what you're supposed to do or not.
Speaker 2: you don't have to look for instructions you have to
Speaker 1: I know my grandson uses Google.
Speaker 2: listen to me only just listen to me instead of immediately redeeming the gift card I'm gonna type it wrong on the notepad
Speaker 1: So how does it work?
Speaker 2: write down the second card number over there
Speaker 1: Do you have a hunch about how we're going to take care of the rest of the money? Or are you okay if I buy a boat tarp?
Speaker 2: no sir that will not work
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: if you will do so I'll lose my job
Speaker 1: Yeah, but if I don't have a boat tarp, what happens to my boat?
Speaker 2: I'll tell you
Speaker 1: I'll tell you. Are you sure?
Speaker 2: where are you now
Speaker 1: I mean, I don't have to get...
Speaker 2: open your notepad open your notepad do you see the notepad
Speaker 1: Buy the $7,000 one. It's just I need something.
Speaker 2: do you see
Speaker 1: I don't want to lose my...
Speaker 2: do you see so you got only 3 cards right each for 500
Speaker 1: Yeah. Huh?
Speaker 2: IWBQ one minute just one minute oh there we go they're checking it on another computer right now so theoretically theoretically any second they'll be like sir these cards aren't right they'll fall into my trap M2BR1H IWBQ you gave me the wrong card number the first one do you see FB57 the first one
Speaker 1: Well, it's hard because some of these cards, the numbers are hard to... The numbers in our letters, they look the same, you know? Is there a way to check? How do you know whether there's money on there or not?
Speaker 2: you gave me the wrong card number sir
Speaker 1: Uh, okay.
Speaker 2: what are you doing now what are you doing now I'm trying to
Speaker 1: I'm going to check it to make sure it's working here. Oh, you know what, sir?
Speaker 2: I'm sorry about that
Speaker 1: Okay, so it's... I can't tell if it's an A or a B. The Hs and the Bs look the same.
Speaker 2: on FB8
Speaker 1: Okay, so it says you are...
Speaker 2: give a click on complete
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: I think I think
Speaker 1: There's money on it. I think there's money on it.
Speaker 2: you got 500
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: you didn't give me the you already add your card in your account sir and what about the second one
Speaker 1: Some of them are on. I wonder if we're going to have the same problem here.
Speaker 2: actually second one is right
Speaker 1: I don't know. Let me check.
Speaker 2: listen to me you don't have to add
Speaker 1: Let me see if I...
Speaker 2: listen to me
Speaker 1: Let me make sure there's money on it before you guys waste too much of your time. I definitely think this last one is an A, not a B, though.
Speaker 2: now now don't give a click on
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: give a click on cancel give a click on cancel sir
Speaker 1: What was that?
Speaker 2: what were you saying
Speaker 1: What?
Speaker 2: what you bastard there's 500 dollars on the second one
Speaker 1: You want as well? No.
Speaker 2: I got the third card
Speaker 1: Let me make sure the third card works as well. Yeah, I'm tracking with you.
Speaker 2: are you listening are you listening to me sir
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: if you can open your google account 1000 dollars is back to you so you have not paid a single money to us
Speaker 1: This last card, though. Let me see if this one... Oh, yeah.
Speaker 2: yes yes do do whatever you like you can do it no problem this guy's the calm like man the other guy got mad how come it didn't work like I hope you have only paid to us maybe he wants to play it cool maybe we can get more ok alright now I hope you know how much rest of the money
Speaker 1: $5,000.
Speaker 2: you want to give it back to me
Speaker 1: $5,000.
Speaker 2: ok alright now if I give you an account number will you be able to go to the bank and make a wire transfer
Speaker 1: I mean, I can give it a shot.
Speaker 2: oh no no
Speaker 1: If not, I'd be willing to buy this $5,000 thick camping tarp with grime in it.
Speaker 2: oh no no sir
Speaker 1: I could send it your way. But if you'd rather me do the wire, I can give that a shot.
Speaker 2: oh he believes it I can give you an account number you'll love to see it man I thought he was going to be suspicious
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: and the stores will not allow you to buy that much of gift cards
Speaker 1: If you want, I can do two $2,500 tarps.
Speaker 2: no no no sir
Speaker 1: No.
Speaker 2: no no no sir
Speaker 1: $2,500 tarps. I...
Speaker 2: I don't want gift cards
Speaker 1: $2,500.
Speaker 2: no no
Speaker 1: I don't...
Speaker 2: no no
Speaker 1: How many employees...
Speaker 2: no no no
Speaker 1: I'm going to go grab a bite to eat, but I promise I'll take care of it tomorrow. So...
Speaker 2: ok
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: you don't have to go inside the bank no sir do one thing
Speaker 1: Okay, bye.
Speaker 2: just go and get the gift card again
Speaker 1: The last time. Call me tomorrow.
Speaker 2: listen to me
Speaker 1: No. You, you mother... Sorry, I think you got the wrong number, son. I think you got the wrong number, son. You got the wrong...
Speaker 2: you too
Speaker 1: You...
Speaker 2: thank you for watching as always know that you matter and that you are valued
Speaker 1: Bye.
Speaker 2: see you in the next video