Speaker 1: Criminal Investigation Division of IRS. How may I help you?
Speaker 2: Yes, I received a call from somebody from this number saying that I needed to give them a call back from the IRS.
Speaker 1: I'm looking for Mr. Cole White.
Speaker 2: This is. I'm fine, I'm just trying to get to the, figure out what's going on.
Speaker 1: Hello, sir. How are you doing today? Sir, my name is Michael Jennings from Criminal Investigation Division of IRS.
Speaker 2: Okay, yeah, I haven't yet.
Speaker 1: The reason behind my call is to inform you that we received an arrest to warrant case file under your name. So did you receive any phone call from your local police department till now? Are you trying to say you have not been aware about the situation happening under your name?
Speaker 2: What's going on? I'm not aware of anything. Please tell me what's happening. What's going on?
Speaker 1: Alright, Mr. Cole, in that case, I want you to grab a pen and a piece of paper so that you can write down some information.
Speaker 2: Absolutely. I'm ready.
Speaker 1: Are you ready? First of all, let me start with the case ID. It starts with C as in Charlie.
Speaker 2: Okay, see. Okay.
Speaker 1: K as in Kevin.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: 846042.
Speaker 2: 8-4-6-0-4-2.
Speaker 1: Yes. And your warrant identification number starts with 00. 100-3636.
Speaker 2: Okay. 1-0-0. 3-6-3-6.
Speaker 1: And you're talking to Officer Michael Jennings.
Speaker 2: Michael Jennings, okay.
Speaker 1: And my badge ID number starts with J as in Jack. M as in Mary. Number 7792. Now, you don't have to write down anything. You just have to listen to me carefully so that it will be easier for you to understand what is this all about, okay?
Speaker 2: 7-7-9-2. Okay. All right. First.
Speaker 1: First of all, this is a three-way conference call with the Department of Homeland Security. So whatever you speak or comment, that should be true and honest because this phone recording can be serving in front of the Bar Council of your state to prove you innocent or guilty. Is that been okay, Mr. Cole? Now, Mr. Cole, you have been found suspicious and breaching three important laws of the United States.
Speaker 2: Yes, absolutely. Okay.
Speaker 1: Count 1, violation of Internal Revenue Services Act, 1956. Count 2, violation of Federal Tax Rules and Regulations Act, 1989. Count 3, providing misleading information to the government authorities. Now, I had a question for you, Mr. Cole. Who is filing your taxes? You yourself or do you have a public accountant?
Speaker 2: Okay. I use an accounting service. How long have you been in this business?
Speaker 1: How long you have been using accountant service?
Speaker 2: About seven years.
Speaker 1: About seven years. All right. Now, proceeding further, the IRS has conducted an audit, a random audit on your last five-year tax file papers, and they found that there are lots of errors in 1040-A form, 941-C form, and Schedule H form.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: And because of those errors, there is a miscalculated tax amount pending under your name, which you still owe to the government, to the IRS Department.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: I had a question for you, like a very few legal questions which you need to answer, mean yes or no. The first question is like, have you ever been arrested before by any state police or any sheriff department?
Speaker 2: Oh God, no.
Speaker 1: Have you ever been filed bankruptcy or a foreclosure in the past?
Speaker 2: No.
Speaker 1: Have you ever been issued any tickets by the traffic police?
Speaker 2: Well, certainly. Okay.
Speaker 1: Are there judgments still pending under your name?
Speaker 2: I'm sorry, I didn't understand the question.
Speaker 1: Are there any judgments still pending under your name? No. I believe that you have answered all my questions with utmost honesty. Now, proceeding further, to give you such limited information, which I believe I already did. Now, at this moment of time, you've got two options left from our side. The first option you've got, that is you can fight this case against the government in the court by hiring a tax attorney.
Speaker 2: Well, how much are you saying that I owe?
Speaker 1: And the second option you've got, that is you can simply resolve this case, you can sort this out today, outside the court, by making the payments back to the IRS Department. So, what is your...
Speaker 2: How much is the miscalculation?
Speaker 1: So, the IRS, on the records of the IRS, it seems like that you owe $2,997 at this moment of time.
Speaker 2: I see. Oh man, that's really serious. Jeez, but I bet you that's less than having to pay an attorney and all of that.
Speaker 1: So, what are you going to do with this payment?
Speaker 2: How would I go about paying that then just to get this taken care of?
Speaker 1: First of all, I have to be sure that you really want to make this payment. Because, sir, as you understand, I am not forcing you to decide anything. It's just you only, you have to decide it from your end, whether you want to resolve the case or whether you want to proceed further with the legal stuff.
Speaker 2: Okay. No, the legal stuff sounds really scary. I don't want to deal with all that.
Speaker 1: Okay, no problem.
Speaker 2: I would rather just get it taken care of. I don't want to be in any kind of trouble.
Speaker 1: Now, it is not so easy in order to make these payments and in order to resolve the case. Because you have to understand what are the privacy laws which you are getting at this moment in order to resolve the case. And that you have to, you know, proceed with that.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Payment procedures and all. So, the privacy laws which we have at this moment is... The first question and the first thing which I need to tell you that is... Do not disconnect or hang up this line until and unless the resolvement is not been proposed. Okay? The second is, you cannot put me on a mute or hold for this case.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: The second is, you cannot put me on a mute or hold for this case. As this is a three-way conference call and all the senior persons are listening to the conversation.
Speaker 2: I see, okay.
Speaker 1: And in order to make this payment, first of all, I have to ask you, do you have a sufficient balance available with you? $2,997?
Speaker 2: Oh yes, absolutely. All right.
Speaker 1: You can make this payment by using a taxpayee card. Do you know what is called taxpayee card?
Speaker 2: No, is that like a credit card?
Speaker 1: No, sir. A taxpayee card, you can get it from any of your supermarket store, any grocery store or any kind of, you know, departmental store. Do you have any such store available near to you?
Speaker 2: I believe I'd be able to go to a supermarket nearby and get one of those.
Speaker 1: Okay, what kind of supermarkets are available near to you? What is the name?
Speaker 2: I believe there's a super value or a pick and save nearby.
Speaker 1: Okay. And what kind of departmental stores are there near to you?
Speaker 2: Like the mall, is that what you mean?
Speaker 1: I'm sorry? I'm sorry?
Speaker 2: I'm not sure exactly what this card is. I could certainly go there. I want to do whatever's necessary to get this taken care of. I certainly don't want to be in any trouble with the government.
Speaker 1: Do you have, like, any kind of TurboTax store or any kind of that?
Speaker 2: Maybe. I really don't know. I've never been in this situation before.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: What I'll do is I'll be collecting you to my accounts division officer so that you can take care of this issue from his side, okay?
Speaker 2: Thank you so much.
Speaker 1: Kindly hold the line, okay?
Speaker 2: Okay. So at this point, this is kind of obviously a bunch of bullshit, right?
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: I put him on mute. So if this really is an IRS guy, I'm in trouble. But we'll see. I'm on hold right now waiting for Department of Homeland Security agent Big Dick from India to get on the line and try to take my money from me. Let's see how this goes.
Speaker 1: Sir, it seems like there is some problem with the accounts division and so I'll be the person who will be informing you all this stuff, okay?
Speaker 2: Okay. Yes.
Speaker 1: Alright. That's correct.
Speaker 2: That's right.
Speaker 1: It's 425 South Adams Street, Suite 202, Green Bay.
Speaker 2: Yep.
Speaker 1: 4301.
Speaker 2: That's correct.
Speaker 1: You're working with White Law Offices, right? Correct. Okay.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: So you are an attorney, by the way?
Speaker 2: I am. I'm in fact a criminal defense attorney and deal with tax issues all the time.
Speaker 1: Okay. And how long you have been in this profession, by the way?
Speaker 2: Oh, I've been up here at this office for almost four years now. So, you know, I was really surprised to get this call. You know, given my history in working with the IRS, it's really, really surprising.
Speaker 1: Okay. Oh. And who is filing your taxes, by the way? You yourself or do you have an accountant?
Speaker 2: No, I have an accountant that deals with my taxes. And, you know, we've always filed and everything's always worked out okay. So this call is pretty surprising, you know, as an attorney and in good standing with our state bar and having worked with the IRS on tax issues in the past for other clients.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: This is really unusual. And I'm really surprised because the IRS never calls people.
Speaker 1: Then in that case, you had an option. If you are an attorney, you can fight this case against the government. That would be a good option for you. How about that?
Speaker 2: I yeah. You know, as I think about it, that may make a lot of sense.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Officer Jennings, what is your IRS ID number?
Speaker 1: I've given you, sir.
Speaker 2: Are you waiting, Jack? You gave me a badge number. JM 7792. That's not that's not a federal identification number, though.
Speaker 1: That is the badge ID number, sir. That is the IRS Federal ID number, sir.
Speaker 2: That's that's not a that's not an IRS federal ID number.
Speaker 1: It is. You can search it down.
Speaker 2: It isn't, though. Yeah, it really.
Speaker 1: I'm sorry?
Speaker 2: It really, really isn't, though. Where were you? Where were you born, Mike?
Speaker 1: Virginia? That's Virginia, by the way?
Speaker 2: Where were you born, Mr. Jennings?
Speaker 1: Yes. Okay. Virginia? That's Virginia, by the way?
Speaker 2: We're in Virginia.
Speaker 1: Vienna?
Speaker 2: Vienna, Virginia. Yeah. How far is that from Arlington? I'm sorry. How far is that from Arlington?
Speaker 1: Too long. Okay.
Speaker 2: Too long. What school did you go to?
Speaker 1: I don't think I have to give you the examination or something like that. Nobody can ask me that kind of questions. Now, if you are a legal representative or whoever you are, then do one thing. Wait for the legal consequences once it will be appearing on your name. Then it would be fine that you can ask me legal questions. But at this moment, you are nobody who can ask me or you are nobody who can tell me about this kind of questions.
Speaker 2: Well, actually, I am as an attorney, and you're talking to me now and engaging in a legal discussion. I think I'm entitled to. OK, why don't you give me a mailing address so I can send you a subpoena so I can answer the ask you these questions, OK? I need a mailing address for your IRS location so that I can send a subpoena so I can depose you, Mr. Jennings.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Send my subpoena to my mom.
Speaker 1: Send your penis to your mom. That would be worth it. How about that?
Speaker 2: That's very unprofessional for an IRS investigator. Aw, Mike? Did I lose you, Mike? Aw.