
Speaker 2: May I ask you when was the last time you filed your federal taxes?
Speaker 1: I filed it last year, but I filed it late. I haven't filed my 2017 taxes yet, but I did them last year. But I told my CPA, like, I wanted to do it late because I honestly don't really agree with the whole tax thing. I told them, I mean, like, they may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom. And so, but he's like, no, you have to do it or you won't have freedom.
Speaker 2: Okay, so are you an extension?
Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm on an extension. I'm on an extension for 2017. He told me that my CPA said that was an option, and I said, you complete me. Let's do it.
Speaker 2: Well, alright. First of all, write down my name. My name is ******. Got it. And the lawsuit has been filed against you by the Internal Revenue Service, so...
Speaker 1: No, I had, I had no idea there was a lawsuit, but I mean, I am not sure, so fill
Speaker 2: ...are you aware of the situation what is happening here under your name?
Speaker 1: me in.
Speaker 2: Oh, well, alright, now here, I will just go ahead and read out the legal charges against your name. But before I do that, please don't interrupt me in between because... ...this call is federally recorded and monitored by the IRS and by the Homeland Security. And so...
Speaker 1: I promise I definitely won't. I definitely won't interrupt. I'm actually a little bit scared about the situation, but you make me want to be a better man. So I'll be quiet. I'll listen. You tell me what's going on and we can fix this today.
Speaker 2: Okay, well, I appreciate your opinion. We, the government, have conducted an audit on your taxes filed for the year 2013-2017. And we have found out, yes, and we have found out that... ...there was a miscalculation here on the taxes which you have filed for those five years.
Speaker 1: Miscalculation.
Speaker 2: The tax record... ...does not match the tax record that we have here. The local authorities with an arrest warrant will come into place. Your driver's license will be cancelled and everything under your name, your properties, and your bank account will be frozen. And also, you could face a federal imprisonment for up to five years. The total amount outstanding on your name is $6,482. So now, on this well-recorded line, may I ask you that did you do this intentionally or was it by mistake?
Speaker 1: Well, it was definitely a mistake. I mean, I guess I've been a little distracted the last year or so. I mean, because as of January, I mean, I'm just one stomach flu away from my. So I was trying to focus on fitness and I spent a little bit more money on personal
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: training, you know, to the point where I had a home gym put in my house, like my brother would be here and we'd walk in. I'd be like, Chewie, we're home. And he's like, what are you doing? It doesn't make any sense. So I, it was definitely an accident. I don't know how this happened, but that's a lot of money. Do I have to pay all that today?
Speaker 2: There can be a payment plan and relaxation for you. Yeah.
Speaker 1: If a payment plan could be arranged, that'd be great, because otherwise I'm not going to be able to eat this month. The only thing I'll be able to afford is it's called like a, they call it a Royale with
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: cheese, but it's just this really cheap kind of sandwich that you can get like 10 for a dollar. And I don't want to do that. It's not fair to me. It's not fair to my llamas. So it may be, if we could, if we could do the, I'm sorry, no, go ahead.
Speaker 2: All right. Yes, please. Yeah.
Speaker 1: There.
Speaker 2: Here.
Speaker 1: Okay, well.
Speaker 2: I do understand your concern and your situation in which you are right now. And here, I can see from your files that you are facing this kind of problem for the first time with the IRS, am I right? Yeah.
Speaker 1: This has never happened before.
Speaker 2: Can you please verify me what your studio CD string number is?
Speaker 1: It's a, it's a business PO box.
Speaker 2: Yeah, it's...
Speaker 1: It's right, it's right next to, I don't know if you're local, but it's right next to, there's like a, there's like a card detailing place. It's called Wax On, Wax Off. It's right next door to that.
Speaker 2: All right. I will be transferring this call to one of my senior supervisors from the accounts department... ...who will give you further more information about this matter.
Speaker 1: Does it have to be transferred? Cause I mean, I could talk to the other guy and I mean, I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse, but I would rather talk to you directly. I can't, cause you seem like a nice guy and I'm a little, I'm a little freaked out cause you know, I had a problem with an IRS agent another time and they got so mad at me. I called in, they didn't even say hello. They just said, Argo yourself, right? And I was like, well, that's not very nice. So I would rather deal with nice people. You seem like a good guy and you, you know, like you seem like you got a good sense of
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: humor and I appreciate a sense of humor. Even my brother said that's the whole reason why he even, you know, he said, I'm funny. I'm like, I mean, I mean, I'm funny. Like I'm a clown. I amuse you. And he's like, well, yeah, kinda. So I'm like, all right. And so we became good friends. So my point was, I just don't know, do I, if I have to deal with someone else or if
Speaker 2: So...
Speaker 1: I can just deal with you, with you directly, well, cause you just seem nice and I just
Speaker 2: So you want to deal with me directly?
Speaker 1: don't like, I'm just, this whole situation kind of, kind of freaks me out. I mean, I already texted my brother.
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: I said, Houston, we have a problem, but he hasn't replied yet. I think he's with a girl. I'm not sure.
Speaker 2: I don't have the authority over you to accept any payments from you or to tell you to undergo through this.
Speaker 1: Okay. That's fine. I'll just keep swimming. You can transfer me and, um, you know, we'll, we'll get this resolved cause I got to get that arrest warrant taken off. Okay. Thank you. La vista, baby. Thank you. Bye.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.
Speaker 2: When I transfer you call to one of my senior supervisors, okay?
Speaker 1: Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.
Speaker 2: Okay, thank you.
Speaker 1: Bye.
Speaker 2: Bye-bye.
Speaker 1: Bye.
Speaker 2: Hasta luego.
Speaker 1: Bye. Bye. Bye.
Speaker 2: ...holding the line.
Speaker 1: Bye.
Speaker 2: Your call has been transferred to the resolution department.
Speaker 1: Bye. Bye. Bye.
Speaker 2: So I guess your call has been transferred for the cancellation of this arrest warrant to resolve this situation as you have chosen to resolve this matter out of the courthouse.
Speaker 1: Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.
Speaker 2: Is that right?
Speaker 1: Yeah, I mean, um, why so serious? I mean, the other guy was just giving me all the information, but, you know, he was kind of working to calm me down because I'm a little freaked out about the situation.
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: But, yeah, I really need this arrest warrant. I've never had an arrest warrant on my name before. Is this, is that, what does that mean? Does that mean they're going to come and get me now? Or is it kind of like, you know, I just have to freak out about it for the rest of my life, like to infinity and beyond, you know?
Speaker 2: ...go ahead, resolve this situation without involving any of your staff department.
Speaker 1: Yeah, well, the dude abides.
Speaker 2: All right. So... Okay. ...during the past five years, how did you file your taxes? Did you hire somebody else to file your taxes or you filed your taxes with the help of the private companies like the TurboTaxes, H&R Block...
Speaker 1: I definitely hired somebody, and I don't take it lightly, I mean, I am serious, and don't call me Shirley. I hired this guy to do it, and he said that he knew about taxes, but, you know, honestly, for some reason, I couldn't see him. I mean, it was like I see dead people, you know, it was kind of like I walk in, and he
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: just kind of wasn't really there with it, you know, he was just kind of spaced out. Maybe he was on Xanax. I don't know, honestly. But I hired him, and he told me that it was complete, and, you know, and then after he finished the taxes, he said, you know how to whistle, don't you, Steve? You just put your lips together and blow.
Speaker 2: ...whoa. All right. So is that an accountant?
Speaker 1: I guess. He said he was an accountant, but he had a big hat. He had one of those big hats, and he says, mama says stupid is as stupid does. So I figured I was in the right hands.
Speaker 2: Is that a certified accountant?
Speaker 1: I believe so. I mean, I asked him, I want the truth, are you certified, and he said, you can't handle the truth. So I just took his word for it.
Speaker 2: We, the IRS, we never encourage you to hire somebody else and file your taxes. It's your own responsibility to take care of the situation. But...
Speaker 1: But the thing is, I'm just the guy behind the scenes, like he's the one doing the job. I mean, pay no attention to that man behind the curtain. That man behind the curtain is me, the tax filer, but he's the CPA, supposedly. He's the one that's supposed to take care of it.
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: So I can focus my time on making sure that my image is kept up, because I wake up every morning, I say, magic mirror on the wall, who is the fairest one of all? And that's how I get through my steps of humanity and getting my things done. So I took his word for it. Really, you should be calling him.
Speaker 2: We need to remove your name from this black place.
Speaker 1: I'm not so worried about the arrest specifically. I mean, I do want to get the warrant off of my name, but they won't actually be able to arrest me. I actually live, like my residence is a hot air balloon.
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: So if you tell the law enforcement, Rhodes, where we're going, we don't need Rhodes.
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: You actually need a big drone, and then some handcuffs, and then someone to pilot it safely so it doesn't kill a big flock of pigs. So I'm not really sure what exactly needs to happen to get that taken off, at least get it off the record. But I would like to resolve this matter and get this figured out, because I'm having an old friend for dinner, and I don't have time for this.
Speaker 2: ... ... I'm sorry?
Speaker 1: I'm sorry, you got to speak up.
Speaker 2: What's up?
Speaker 1: Hi, how's it going?
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: What? No, no, I don't smoke. But because here's the thing.
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: It's actually going to kill you. It might kill you faster than scamming people will. So maybe more often you need someone in your life to say, yippee-ki-yay, mother f***er. Stop scamming people, you son of a b***h.
Speaker 2: I just...
Speaker 1: My precious, my precious, listen, my suggestion to you would be to embrace life, stop f***ing
Speaker 2: I just... I just want to live shorter. I don't want to live all the way till my old age.
Speaker 1: people over, get a better job, and actually be happy. Because I know for a fact that you're not.
Speaker 2: All right. I'm happy with what I'm doing.
Speaker 1: You making a lot of money? You making a lot of money stealing from people? You making a lot of money stealing from people?
Speaker 2: Not much. Just enough for my survival. I need... I need... I need to survive. I need to survive. Imagine... Imagine two nineties without food and water. I...
Speaker 1: I grew up really poor, you know, like, without, like, raised by a single mom. I came to this beautiful country with $35 in my pocket, no speak English, no working
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: permit, no friends. And I really think that you can change your life, no matter where you live, no matter where you came from, what your skin color, do you speak English or you don't.
Speaker 2: I'm looking for a better life. Whatever I do, I always mess up. I mess up in everything I do. I've been low so far. I have to change you guys. And I don't know actually what to say, so... The world is full of evil. Karma will hit me back.
Speaker 1: Well, best brother in the world, again, taking me to the airport. Right back at you. Thankfully it's not 4am this time. I have an 11 hour flight to Dublin, Ireland.
Speaker 2: ...
Speaker 1: Guinness is coming, Jameson is coming. I'm excited. You're gonna drink a lot.