Speaker 1: Can you verify me your home address? I'm sorry?
Speaker 2: No, I'm not going to give you my address. If you have my file on me, you should know what my address is.
Speaker 1: Mr. Stevens, you need to understand one thing over here, that I'm trying to cooperate with you on the recorded line, and even you need to cooperate with me. Recent mailing address?
Speaker 2: My current address is 205 North 1st S. A. D. E. R. S. Street in Apex, North Carolina.
Speaker 1: My current... ...five... ...Saunders... ...UN... ...without the complete information to you about the allegations from Michigan. Now, there are legal enforcement agencies involved in this case, so before we go ahead and give out the complete information to you,
Speaker 1: I need you to verify me with the last four-digit number of your Social Security, so I can confirm that the details are given to the right person. Mr. Stevens, I'm not asking you to confirm me your Social Security number. What I'm asking you, just to verify me with the last four digits of your Social Security,
Speaker 2: I'm not going to confirm my social security number with you. I'm not going to do that.
Speaker 1: so I can confirm that the details are given to the right person. Social Security Administration and law enforcement agencies have found twenty-five fraudulent bank accounts opened and used fraudulently
Speaker 2: I'm not going to do that.
Speaker 1: using your Social Security number to commit a fraud of more than... ...million dollars. ...accounts were used to transfer and receive funds for illegal local and international bank wire transfer include like money laundering, drug trafficking, and for internal revenue service tax scams all over USA. I need to give them the details.
Speaker 2: I'd like to just speak to your supervisor now, please.
Speaker 1: Can you just tell me how many bank accounts do you own, as per your knowledge and information?
Speaker 2: That's correct. Okay, now... We have nothing...
Speaker 1: And you told my officer that you want to speak to a senior officer, correct?
Speaker 2: Well, if it has nothing to do with illegal activities, why do I have to give you my...
Speaker 1: Go ahead and let me know how many bank accounts are originally owned by you, having to do with illegal activities.
Speaker 2: tell you how many bank accounts I have? Okay. Well, I just don't understand why I'm giving you my... I would like to know what the allegations are against me and what you're going to take out a warrant for.
Speaker 1: See, if you do not tell me how many bank accounts you have,
Speaker 2: Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Speaker 1: we will go ahead and suspend all the bank accounts which are connected to your Social Security.
Speaker 2: Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Speaker 1: So don't blame us if you lose any money.
Speaker 2: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Speaker 1: We are trying to help you out over here.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Right now there are two criminal charges against you.
Speaker 2: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Speaker 1: Number one, drug trafficking, and number two, money laundering.
Speaker 2: Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, that's better than the 25 the first guy told me were out against me. And they've hung up on me.