
Speaker 1: Okay, I think I can hear you now. What was that?
Speaker 2: Sir, the result of my call is that we are receiving some error messages and warning alerts from your computer to our centerline server, okay? Are you aware of that, sir?
Speaker 1: Now, who did you say you're with again?
Speaker 2: Sir, we are receiving some error messages and warning alerts from your computer to our centerline server, okay? Are you aware of that problem, sir?
Speaker 1: No! No! Okay, all right! I appreciate that! That's really kind of y'all to reach out to me and let me know,
Speaker 2: Okay, sir. The ad indicates that your computer has downloaded some malicious type and there are functions from the internet without your knowledge. Sir, if you are not going to remove this encryption, your computer might be crashed down at any point of time, okay? So as a request to just go ahead and turn on your computer that I can show you the problem that fixes your problems, okay? Okay. Sir, I can show you the problems you can organize and fix your problems, okay?
Speaker 1: Microsoft has some great customer support.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Yes, it is.
Speaker 2: Yeah, sir. Hello? Uh-huh, yeah. Is your computer is on? Okay, sir. You just hold on. I'm going to transfer this call to my senior technician and I'll get you to your computer,
Speaker 1: Uh, I've got a, I've got a slide show up.
Speaker 2: okay? Okay. Okay, sir. And now what can you see on your screen? Sorry?
Speaker 1: A slide show up.
Speaker 2: Hello? Okay, sir, just hold on. I'm going to transfer this call to my senior technician, okay? Senior technician? All right, great.
Speaker 1: Senior technician? Okay, all right. Okay, so I've muted it. Basically, what's happening is I've received a call claiming to be from Microsoft technical support saying that they have identified malicious software on my computer and because they have such great customer support, they're reaching out to me to fix it.
Speaker 2: Delicious.
Speaker 1: What will happen is they'll come back on and they'll tell me that they need to remote access into my computer in order to fix this.
Speaker 2: So, I'm going.
Speaker 1: Oh, well, we'll go along for the ride a little bit. See how long we can keep.
Speaker 2: Hello? Uh-huh, hello? Hello? Hello? Yeah, this is Ryan Wilson and I'm the senior supervisor of the Windows technical department. Ryan Wilson? How are you doing today?
Speaker 1: Oh, I'm doing well, Ryan.
Speaker 2: Ryan Wilson, is it? So, is the computer on right now? It is. And what can you see on your computer screen?
Speaker 1: Um, my, my slide show.
Speaker 2: Presentation. Sorry? Okay, so like just minimize each and everything and return to the normal desktop screen. Okay. Okay. Minimize each and everything and return to the normal desktop screen. Okay. What's the left-hand bottom corner of the keyboard? Can you see there's a CTRL, the control key?
Speaker 1: I've used that key before.
Speaker 2: Yes. And just beside the control key, I hope you can see a Windows key, right? The Windows key, yes. The Windows key, right? Okay. Okay? Yes. So now just listen to me carefully what you need to do, okay? You need to press the four flags, the Windows key and the letter R as in Robert, okay? Okay.
Speaker 1: Windows and R.
Speaker 2: Yes. Together. And after that, what can you see on your computer screen? Yes.
Speaker 1: It pulled up a little, I don't know, it says run and open.
Speaker 2: Yes. And is the box empty inside that?
Speaker 1: Yes, it sure is.
Speaker 2: So just type in over there, event, E-V-E-N-T. Okay. V-W-R. V as in Victoria, W as in Betsy, R as in Robert. Okay. All right. And can you just repeat what has been written over there?
Speaker 1: Uh, event.
Speaker 2: V-W-R.
Speaker 1: As in Victoria.
Speaker 2: And give a click on okay. Okay.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: And after that, what can you see on your computer screen?
Speaker 1: Well, nothing, nothing happened.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: I don't know what I did wrong.
Speaker 2: Like after, yes.
Speaker 1: I don't, I don't know what I did wrong. I must have, I thought I had it right.
Speaker 2: Okay.
Speaker 1: Hey, you know what? It probably, you know what it probably could be. It could be that I don't even use a Windows computer. I use a Mac and you've called a police officer because you're a scammer and you're trying to remote into my computer. That could be the problem. Is that what I did wrong?
Speaker 2: Okay. Okay.
Speaker 1: Oh, okay.
Speaker 2: Okay. Okay. All right.
Speaker 1: All right. Thank you.
Speaker 2: He's trying to figure out the problem. I thought that was... That could pose a problem.
Speaker 1: What's the problem?
Speaker 2: Hello?
Speaker 1: Well, I told you, uh, I think the problem is that I use a Mac computer, uh, not, not anything with windows on it and I'm a police officer.
Speaker 2: Hello?